The AK-47 ( contraction of Russian : Автомат Калашникова образца 1947 года ; Avtomat Kalashnikova obraztsa 1947 goda ; " Automatic rifle Kalashnikov model of 1947 year " ) is a 7.62 mm assault rifle developed in the Soviet Union by Mikhail Kalashnikov in two versions : the fixed stock AK-47 and the AKS-47 ( S—So skladnym prikladom ) variant equipped with an underfolding metal shoulder stock . 
American Standard Code for Information Interchange ( ASCII ) is a character encoding based on the English alphabet . 
The Aardvark ( Orycteropus afer ) ( " Digging foot " ) is a medium-sized , burrowing , nocturnal mammal native to Africa . 
The Aardwolf ( Proteles cristatus ) is a small , insectivorous hyena-like mammal , native to Eastern and Southern Africa . 
In the Bible , Aaron , or Aaron the Levite ( /ˈærən/ /ˈɛərən/˙ ) , was the brother of Moses . 
The Ababda ( or Ababde ) ( the Gebadei of Pliny , and RB the Troglodytes of other classical writers ) are nomads living in the area between the Nile and the Red Sea , in the vicinity of Aswan in Egypt . 
An Abacus , RB called a counting frame , is a calculating tool used RB by Asians for performing arithmetic processes . 
An Abbess ( Latin abbatissa , fem . form of abbas , abbot ) is the female superior , or Mother Superior , of an abbey of nuns . 
An Abbey ( from Latin abbatia , derived from Syriac abba , " father " ) , is a Christian monastery or convent , under the government of an Abbot or an Abbess , who serves as the spiritual father or mother of the community . 
word Abbot , meaning father , is a title given to the head of a monastery in various traditions , including Christianity and Buddhism . 
An Abbreviation ( from Latin brevis " JJ " ) is a shortened form of a word or phrase . 
The Abipones were a tribe of South American Indians of Guaycuran stock RB inhabiting the territory lying between Santa Fe and . 
An Abjad is a type of writing system in which each symbol stands for a consonant ; the reader must supply the appropriate vowel . 
In the Book of Samuel , Abner ( Biblical Hebrew for " father of light " ) , is RB cousin to Saul and commander-in-chief of his army ( 1 Samuel 14:50 , 20:25 ) . 
An Abortion is the removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus from the uterus , resulting in or caused by its death . 
An Abscess ( abscessus ) is a collection of pus ( dead neutrophils ) that has accumulated in a cavity formed by the tissue on the basis of an infectious process ( usually caused by bacteria or parasites ) or other foreign materials ( e. g. splinters , bullet wounds , or injecting needles ) . 
In law , an Abstract is a brief statement that contains the most important points of a long legal document or of several related legal papers . 
An Abugida is a JJ writing system which is based on consonants but in which vowel notation is JJ . 
An Abzyme ( from antibody and enzyme ) , RB called catmab ( from catalytic monoclonal antibody ) , is a monoclonal antibody with catalytic activity . 
The Acantharea are a small group of radiolarian protozoa , distinguished RB by their skeletons . 
In physics , Acceleration is defined as the rate of change of velocity , or as the second derivative of position ( with respect to time ) . 
The Accordion is a musical instrument of the hand-held bellows-driven free-reed aerophone family , RB referred to as a squeezebox . 
In a computer 's central processing unit ( CPU ) , an Accumulator is a register in which intermediate arithmetic and logic results are stored . 
The Achaeans ( in Greek Ἀχαιοί , Akhaioi ) is one of the collective names used for the Greeks in Homer 's Iliad ( used 598 times ) and Odyssey . 
Actinistia is a subclass of mostly fossil lobe-finned fishes . 
Actinobacteridae is a subclass of bacteria , in the class of Actinobacteria . 
The Actinopterygii ( the plural form of Actinopterygius ) comprise the class of the ray-finned fishes . 
An Actor , actress , player or rarely thespian ( see terminology ) is a person who acts in a dramatic production and who works in film , television , theatre , or radio in that capacity . 
In medical terminology , Addiction is a state in which the body relies on a substance for normal functioning and develops physical dependence . 
Adidas-Predator is a range of football boots developed by German sportswear manufacturers Adidas . 
The Admiralty was RB the authority in the United Kingdom JJ for the command of the Royal Navy . 
In Greek mythology , Aegisthus ( Ancient Greek : Αἴγισθος , " goat strength " - RB transliterated as Aegisthos ) was the son of Thyestes and of his daughter , Pelopia . . 
In Greco-Roman mythology , Aeneas ( Greek : Αἰνείας , Aineías ; /ɪˈniːəs/ in English ) was a Trojan hero , the son of prince Anchises and the goddess Aphrodite ( Venus in Roman sources ) . 
Aeolus ( Αἴολος ) was the ruler of the winds in Greek Mythology . 
An Affidavit is a formal sworn statement of fact , signed by the declarant ( who is called the affiant or deponent ) and witnessed ( as to the veracity of the affiant 's signature ) by a taker of oaths , JJ as a notary public . 
An Affix is a morpheme that is attached to a stem to form a word . 
An Afterglow is a broad high arch of JJ or rosy light appearing in the sky JJ to very fine particles of dust suspended in the high regions of the atmosphere . 
Agaricomycetidae is a subclass of mushrooms , in the phylum of Basidiomycota . 
Agate ( /ˈæɡət/ ) is a microcrystalline variety of quartz ( silica ) , RB chalcedony , characterised by its fineness of grain and brightness of color . 
Agathon ( Ἀγάθων ) ( ca . 448 - 400 BC ) was an Athenian JJ poet and friend of Euripides and Plato . 
In traditional cultures , Air is often seen as a universal power or JJ substance . 
Ajax or Aias ( Greek : Αἴας ) was a mythological Greek hero , the son of Telamon and Periboea and king of Salamis . 
Ajmer ( JJ : अजमेर /ədʒmeːr/ ) is a city in Ajmer District in India 's Rajasthan state . 
The Albedo of an object is the extent to which it RB reflects light from the sun . 
As a tyrannosaurid , Albertosaurus was a bipedal predator with tiny , two-fingered hands and a massive head with dozens of large , sharp teeth . 
In the history of science , Alchemy ( from the Arabic الخيمياء al-khīmiyā' ' ) refers to both an early form of the investigation of nature and an early philosophical and JJ discipline , both combining elements of chemistry , metallurgy , physics , medicine , astrology , semiotics , mysticism , spiritualism , and art RB as parts of one greater force . 
An Alexandrine is a line of JJ meter . 
The Alexandrists were a school of Renaissance philosophers who , in the great controversy on the subject of personal immortality , adopted the explanation of the De Anima given by Alexander of Aphrodisias . 
In mathematics , computing , linguistics and related disciplines , an Algorithm is a sequence of instructions , RB used for calculation and data processing . 
In chemistry , an Alkali ( from Arabic : Al-Qaly القالي , القلي ) is a basic , JJ salt of an alkali metal or alkaline earth metal element . 
In organic chemistry , an Alkene , olefin , or olefine is an JJ chemical compound containing at least one carbon-to-carbon double bond . 
An Allegiance is a duty of fidelity said to be owed by a subject or a citizen to his/ her state or JJ . 
An Allegory ( from ἀλληγορία , allos , " other " , and lang , agoreuein , " to speak in public " ) is a figurative mode of representation conveying a meaning JJ than the literal . 
An Allele ( /ˈæliːl/ ( UK ) , /əˈliːl/ ( US ) ) is one member of a pair or series of different forms of a gene . 
An Allene is a hydrocarbon in which one atom of carbon is connected by double bonds with two other atoms of carbon . 
In phonetics , an Allophone is one of several similar speech sounds ( phones ) that belong to the same phoneme . 
Allosaurus was a large bipedal predator with a large skull , equipped with dozens of large , sharp teeth . 
An Alloy is a RB solution or JJ mixture of two or more elements , at least one of which is a metal , which itself has metallic properties . 
The Almond ( 'Prunus dulcis ' , RB . Prunus amygdalus Batsch . , Amygdalus communis L. , Amygdalus dulcis Mill . ) is a species of Prunus belonging to the subfamily Prunoideae of the family Rosaceae ; within Prunus , it is classified in the subgenus Amygdalus , distinguished from the other subgenera by the corrugated seed shell . 
Aloe-vera , RB known as the medicinal aloe , is a species of succulent plant that RB originated in Northern Africa , the Canary islands and Cape Verde . 
Alpha is the Phoenician name for ox . 
An Alphabet is a standardized set of letters - basic written symbols - each of which roughly represents a phoneme of a spoken language , either as it exists RB CC RB it was in the past . 
The Alphorn or alpenhorn is a brass instrument , consisting of a natural wooden horn of conical bore , having a cup-shaped mouthpiece , used by mountain dwellers in Switzerland and RB . 
The Alps ( Alpes ; Alpen ; Alpi ; Alps ; Alpe ) is the name for one of the RB mountain range systems of Europe , stretching from Austria and Slovenia in the east , through Italy , Switzerland , Liechtenstein and Germany to France in the west . 
Amaranth or pigweed is a cosmopolitan genus of herbs . 
An Ambush is a long established military tactic in which an ambushing force uses concealment to attack an enemy that passes its position . 
The Americas are the lands of the Western hemisphere or New World , consisting of the continents of North America and South America with their associated islands and regions . 
The Amiga is a family of personal computers originally developed by Amiga Corporation . 
An Ammeter is a measuring instrument used to measure the electric current in a circuit . 
The Ampere , in practice often shortened to amp , ( symbol : A ) is a unit of electric current , or amount of electric charge per second . 
RB , an Amplifier is RB device that changes , RB increases , the amplitude of a signal . 
Anacharsis was a JJ philosopher who travelled from his homeland on the northern shores of the Black Sea to Athens in the early 6th century BCE and made a great impression as a forthright , outspoken " barbarian , " RB a forerunner of the Skeptics and Cynics , though none of his authentic works have survived . 
An Anagram ( Greek anagramma 'letters written anew ' , passive participle of ana- 'again ' + gramma 'letter ' ) is a type of word play , the result of rearranging the letters of a word or phrase to produce a new word or phrase , using all the original letters RB RB . 
An Analgesic ( colloquially known as a painkiller ) is any member of the diverse group of drugs used to relieve pain ( achieve analgesia ) . 
The Andes are the world 's longest exposed mountain range . 
An Android is a robot designed to resemble a human , RB both in appearance and behavior . 
An Anemometer is a device for measuring wind speed , and is one instrument used in a weather station . 
In geometry and trigonometry , an Angle ( in full , plane angle ) is the figure formed by two rays sharing a common endpoint , called the vertex of the angle harv . 
The Angles is a modern English word for a Germanic-speaking people who took their name from the cultural ancestral region of Angeln , a modern district located in Schleswig-Holstein , Germany . 
Anglesey is RB a county which includes Holy Island and other nearby small islands . 
In the 19th century the term Anglicanism was coined to describe the common religious tradition of these churches . 
Animalia is an alphabet book and contains twenty-six illustrations , one for each letter of the alphabet . 
Animation is the JJ display of a sequence of images of 2-D or 3-D artwork or model positions in order to create an illusion of movement . 
An Ansible is a JJ machine JJ of superluminal communication and used as a plot device in science fiction literature . 
In the common law , an Answer is the RB pleading by a defendant , usually filed and served upon the plaintiff within a certain strict time limit after a civil complaint or criminal information or indictment has been served upon the defendant . 
An Antacid is RB substance , RB a base or basic salt , which counteracts stomach acidity . 
An Anthem is a composition to an English religious text sung in the context of an Anglican service . 
An Antianginal is RB drug used in the treatment of angina pectoris , a symptom of ischaemic heart disease . 
An Antidepressant is a JJ medication or other substance ( nutrient or herb ) used for alleviating depression or dysthymia ( 'milder ' depression ) . 
In particle physics and quantum chemistry , Antimatter is the extension of the concept of the antiparticle to matter , WRB antimatter is composed of antiparticles in the same way that normal matter is composed of particles . 
Antinomy ( Greek αντι- , against , plus νομος , law ) RB means the mutual incompatibility , real or apparent , of two laws . 
An Antipope ( Latin : antipapa ) is a person who makes a widely accepted claim to be the lawful pope , in opposition to the pope recognized by the Roman Catholic Church . 
Anxiety ( RB called solicitude ) is a psychological and JJ state characterized by cognitive , somatic , emotional , and behavioral components . 
The Aorta ( pronounced " ay-OR-tuh " ) is the largest artery in the human body , originating from the left ventricle of the heart and bringing oxygenated blood to all parts of the body in the systemic circulation . 
The Apeiron is a JJ theory created by Anaximander in the 6th century BC . 
In Judeo-Christian theology , the term Apocrypha refers to any collection of JJ texts that falls outside the canon . 
In Greek and Roman mythology , Apollo ( in Greek , Ἀπόλλων , Apóllōn or Ἀπέλλων , Apellōn ) , is one of the most important and many-sided of the Olympian deities . 
An Apostle is a messenger and ambassador . 
In law , an Appeal is a process for requesting a formal change to an official decision . 
An Applet is a software component that runs in the context of another program , for example a web browser . 
Apus is a faint JJ constellation , RB JJ to the ancient Greeks . 
An Aquarium ( plural aquariums or aquaria ) is a vivarium consisting of at least one transparent side in which water-dwelling plants or animals are kept . 
In economics and finance , Arbitrage is the practice of taking advantage of a price differential between two or more markets : striking a combination of matching deals that capitalize upon the imbalance , the profit being the difference between the market prices . 
An Archipelago ( /ɑrkɪˈpɛləɡoʊ/ ark-i-pel-ə-goh ) is a chain of islands . 
In Greek mythology , Ares ( Ancient Greek : JJ , modern Greek Άρης ) is the son of Zeus and Hera . 
Argon ( /ˈɑrgɒn/ ) is a chemical element designated by the symbol Ar . 
The term Arianism is used to refer to other nontrinitarian JJ systems of the fourth century , which regarded the Son of God , the Logos , as a created being ( as in Arianism proper and Anomoeanism ) or as neither uncreated nor created in the sense other beings are created ( RB in " Semi-Arianism " ) . 
In Christian belief , Armageddon ( Greek Ἁρμαγεδών ; RB spelled Har-Magedon in some modern English translations ; RB known as Mount of Megiddo ) , is the site of the final battle ( or campaign ) between God and the forces of righteousness , and Satan ( whose name means 'adversary ' ) , RB known as the Devil . 
In music , an Arrangement refers RB to a rewriting of a piece of existing music with additional new material or to a fleshing-out of a JJ sketch , such as a lead sheet . 
In computer science an Array is a data structure consisting of a group of elements that are accessed by indexing . 
RB the term Art was used to refer to RB skill or mastery , a concept which altered during the Romantic period , when art came to be seen as " a special faculty of the human mind to be classified with religion and science " . 
In Greek mythology , Artemis was the daughter of Zeus and Leto , and the twin sister of Apollo . 
Aslan is a Turkish word also used in Persian , with the meaning of lion . 
In phonetics , Aspiration is the RB burst of air that accompanies either the release or , in the case of preaspiration , the closure of some obstruents . 
In business and accounting , an Asset is defined as a probable future JJ benefit obtained or controlled by a particular entity as a result of a past transaction or event . 
The family Asteraceae or Compositae ( known as the aster , daisy , or sunflower family ) is the largest family of flowering plants , in terms of number of species . 
The Asterales are an order of JJ flowering plants which include the composite family Asteraceae ( sunflowers , daisies , thistles etc. ) and its related families . 
Astrobiology ( from JJ : ἄστρον , astro , " constellation " ; βίος , bios , " life " ; and λογία , logos , " knowledge " ) is the JJ study of life in the universe , combining aspects of astronomy , biology and geology . 
An Astronaut or cosmonaut ( космона́вт kəsmʌˈnaft ) is a person trained by a human spaceflight program to command , pilot , or serve as a crew member of a spacecraft . 
In Greek mythology , Athena ( RB called Athene , JJ : Ἀθηνᾶ , ,Athēnā or Ἀθηναία , Athēnaia ; JJ : Ἀθάνα , Athana ; Latin : Minerva ) is the JJ companion of heroes and the goddess of heroic endeavour . 
AUDI AG , commonly known as Audi , is a premium luxury German automobile manufacturer which produces Audi branded cars , with headquarters in Ingolstadt , Bavaria . 
The Aurochs or urus ( Bos primigenius ) was a very large type of cattle that was JJ in Europe until its extinction in . 
An Autobiography , from the Greek autos , 'self ' , bios , JJ ' and graphein , 'write ' is a biography written by the subject or composed RB with a collaborative writer ( styled " RB told to " or " with " ) . 
In mathematics , an Automorphism is an isomorphism from a mathematical object to itself . 
In traditional logic , an Axiom or postulate is a proposition that is not proved or demonstrated but considered to be RB self-evident , or JJ to JJ decision . 
An Axon or nerve fiber is a long , JJ projection of a nerve cell , or neuron , that conducts electrical impulses RB from the neuron 's cell body or soma . 
The Azawakh is a sighthound dog breed from Africa . 
The Azores ( /əˈzɔrz/ ə-zorz or [ɐˈsoɾɨʃ] ) are a Portuguese archipelago in the Atlantic Ocean , about 1,500 km ( 950 mi ) from Lisbon and about 3,900 km ( 2,400 mi ) from the east coast of North America . 
In the mathematical subfield of numerical analysis , a B-spline is a spline function that has minimal support with respect to a given degree , smoothness , and domain partition . 
In computer science , a B-tree is a tree data structure that keeps data sorted and allows searches , insertions , and deletions in logarithmic amortized time . 
In computer programming , BASIC ( an acronym for Beginner 's All-purpose Symbolic Instruction Code ) is a family of JJ programming languages . 
A Backplane ( or " backplane system " ) is a circuit board ( RB a printed circuit board ) that connects several connectors in parallel to each other , RB that each pin of each connector is linked to the same relative pin of all the other connectors , forming a computer bus . 
A Bactericide or bacteriocide is a substance that kills bacteria and , RB , nothing else . 
A Bain-marie ( also known as a double boiler ) is a French term for a piece of equipment used in science , industry , and cooking to heat materials RB CC RB to fixed temperatures , or to keep materials JJ over a period of time . 
The Balalaika ( балала́йк , [bɐlɐˈlajkə] ) - is a JJ instrument of Russian origin , with a characteristic triangular body and 3 strings ( or RB 6 , in 3 courses ) . 
A Baldric ( RB baldrick , bawdrick , bauldrick as well as some other , RB rare or obsolete , variations ) is a belt worn over one shoulder that is typically used to carry a weapon ( RB a sword ) or other implement JJ as a bugle or drum . 
The Balkans is the historic and geographic name used to describe a region of southeastern Europe . 
A Ballad is a poem usually set to music ; RB , it RB is a story told in a song . 
A Balloon is a flexible bag filled with a type of gas , JJ as helium , hydrogen , nitrous oxide or air . 
In computer networking and other digital fields , the term Bandwidth RB refers to a data rate measured in bits/ s , for example network throughput . 
The Banjo is a JJ instrument developed by enslaved Africans in the United States , adapted from several African instruments . 
A banker or Bank is a financial institution whose primary activity is to act as a payment agent for customers , and to borrow , lend , and , in all modern banking systems , create money . 
Banksia-integrifolia , RB known as Coast Banksia , is a species of tree that grows along the east coast of Australia . 
Banksia-integrifolia-subsp.-compar is a subspecies of Banksia integrifolia . 
The Banshee ( /ˈbænʃiː/ ) , from the Irish bean sí ( " woman of the síde " or " woman of the fairy mounds " ) is a female spirit in Irish mythology , usually seen as an omen of death and a messenger from the Otherworld . 
In Christianity , Baptism ( Greek , " immersing " , " performing ablutions " ) is the sacramental act of cleansing in water that admits one as a full member of the Church . 
A Barrister is a lawyer found in many common law jurisdictions which employ a split profession ( as opposed to a fused profession ) in relation to legal representation . 
The Basenji is a breed of hunting dog that originates in central Africa . 
Basis may refer to the value differential between a future and the spot price . 
In linear algebra , a Basis is a set of vectors that , in a linear combination , can represent every vector in a given vector space , and JJ that no element of the set can be represented as a linear combination of the others . 
The Bassoon is a woodwind instrument in the double reed family that RB plays music written in the bass and tenor registers and RB RB JJR . 
The Bastarnae were an important ancient people of JJ , but probably mixed Germanic-Celtic-Sarmatian , ethnic origin , who lived between the Danube and the Dnieper ( Strabo , Geography , VII , 3,17 ) during the last centuries BC and early centuries AD . 
A Bat is a mammal in the order Chiroptera . 
The Batavians ( Latin Batavi ) were a JJ tribe , RB part of the Chatti , reported by Tacitus to have lived around the Rhine delta , in the area that is RB the Netherlands , " an uninhabited district on the extremity of the coast of Gaul , and RB of a neighbouring island , surrounded by the ocean in front , and by the river Rhine in the rear and on either side " ( Tacitus , Historiae iv ) . 
In electronics , a Battery is two or more electrochemical cells which store chemical energy and make it JJ as electrical energy . 
A Battleship is a large , heavily armored warship with a main battery consisting of the largest calibre of guns . 
The Bavarii were a large and JJ tribe which emerged RB in Teutonic tribal times , in what is RB the Czech Republic ( Bohemia ) . 
The BeBox was a short-lived dual processor PC , offered by Be Inc. to run their own operating system , BeOS . 
A Bead is a JJ , decorative object that is pierced for threading or stringing . 
The Beagle is a breed of JJ dog . 
A Beast is an animal , RB a four-legged mammal . 
The Benelux is an economic union in Western Europe that includes three neighboring monarchies , Belgium , the Netherlands , and Luxembourg ( BelgiÃ∞Â«/ Belgique/ Belgien - Nederland - LÃ∞Â«tzebuerg/ Luxembourg/ Luxemburg ) , which lie in the north western European region between France and Germany . 
The Bicycle , cycle , or bike is a pedal-driven , JJ vehicle with two wheels attached to a frame , one behind the other . 
A Bikini or two-piece is a type of women 's swimsuit , characterized by two separate parts - one covering the breasts , the other the groin ( and RB the buttocks ) , leaving an uncovered area between the two garments . 
A Bio-MEMS is a special class of microelectromechanical systems ( MEMS ) WRB biological matter is manipulated to analyze and measure its activity under any class of scientific study . 
A Biome is a climatically and geographically defined area of ecologically similar climatic conditions JJ as communities plants , animals , and soil organisms , RB referred to RB ecosystems . 
Bioterrorism is terrorism by intentional release or dissemination of biological agents ( bacteria , viruses or toxins ) ; these may be in a naturally-occurring or in a human-modified form . 
The term Biotic refers to the condition of living organisms . 
Edward Teach ( [tɛtʃ] ; c. 1689 , November 22 , 1718 ) , RBR known as Blackbeard , was a notorious English pirate in the Caribbean Sea and western Atlantic during the early 18th century , a period referred to as the Golden Age of Piracy . 
In the card game Sheepshead , the Blind are the cards face RB on the table after the initial deal . 
Blindness is defined RB visual acuity of less than 3/ 60 , or JJ visual field loss to less than 10 degrees , in the better eye with best possible correction . 
A Blizzard is a severe winter storm condition characterized by low temperatures , strong winds , and heavy blowing snow . 
A Boat is a watercraft designed to float or plane on water , and provide transport over it . 
With regard to living things , a Body is the integral physical material of an individual . 
Bodyline , RB known as fast leg theory , was a cricketing tactic devised by the English cricket team for their 1932ÃƒÂ¢Ã‚â€¢Ã‚â€ž33 Ashes tour of Australia , RB to combat the extraordinary batting skill of Australia 's Don Bradman . 
A Bogie ( /ˈboʊɡi/ ) ( bō′·gē ) is a wheeled wagon or trolley . 
A Bokken ( JJ , bok(u ) , " wood " , and ken , " sword " ) , is a wooden Japanese sword used for training , RB the size and shape of a katana , but sometimes shaped like other swords , JJ as the wakizashi and tantō . 
A Bomber is a military aircraft designed to attack ground targets , RB by dropping bombs . 
A Book is a set or collection of written , printed , illustrated , or blank sheets , made of paper , parchment , or other material , usually fastened RB to hinge at one side . 
A Boomerang is a simple JJ implement used for various purposes . 
The Borg are a JJ pseudo-race of cyborgs depicted in Star Trek . 
A Borough is an administrative division of various countries . 
The Bosporus or Bosphorus , RB known as the Istanbul Strait , ( JJ : İstanbul Boğazı ) ( Greek : Ã⁄Â‚Ã∂Â‘Ã∂Â∞Ã∂Â•Ã⁄Â¿Ã∂Â™Ã⁄Â¿Ã∂Â≠ ) is a strait that forms the boundary between the European part ( Rumelia ) of Turkey and its Asian part ( Anatolia ) . 
In animals , the Brain is the control center of the central nervous system , JJ for behavior . 
Brainfuck is an JJ programming language noted for its extreme minimalism . 
A Brand is a collection of images and ideas representing an economic producer ; more RB , it refers to the concrete symbols such as a name , logo , slogan , and design scheme . 
The Brassicales are an order of flowering plants , belonging to the eurosids II group of dicotyledons under the APG II system . 
A Breakout-clone ( also known as a Breakout-style game ) , is a sub-class of the " bat-and-ball " genre introduced with the Magnavox Odyssey 's Tennis and Atari 's Pong . 
A Breviary ( from Latin brevis , 'short ' or 'concise ' ) is a JJ book of the Latin liturgical rites of Catholic Church containing the public or canonical prayers , hymns , the Psalms , readings , and notations for everyday use , RB for priests , in the Divine office ( i. e. , at the canonical hours or Liturgy of the Hours , the Christians ' daily prayer ) . 
A Broch is an Iron Age drystone hollow-walled structure of a type found RB in Scotland . 
The Bromeliales is the flowering plants . 
In Norse mythology , Brísingamen ( from Old Norse brisinga " flaming , glowing " CC men " jewellry , ornament " ) is the necklace of the goddess Freyja ( or Frigg in some mythological writings ) . 
The Bundestag ( " Federal Diet " or " Lower House of German Parliament " ) is the parliament of Germany . 
The Bunyip ( usually translated as " devil " or " spirit " ) is a mythical creature from Australian folklore . 
The Burgundians or Burgundes were an East JJ tribe which may have emigrated from mainland Scandinavia to the island of Bornholm , whose old form in Old Norse RB was Burgundarholmr ( the Island of the Burgundians ) , and from RB to mainland Europe . 
A Burning-glass is a large JJ lens that can concentrate the sun 's rays onto a small area , heating up the area and RB resulting in ignition of the exposed surface . 
A Bus is a large road vehicle designed to carry numerous passengers in addition to the driver and RB a conductor . 
In computer science a Byte ( pronounced " bite " , /ˈbaɪt/ ) is a unit of measurement of information storage , most often consisting of eight bits . 
Byzantium ( Greek : Βυζάντιον , Byzántion ; Latin : BYZANTIVM ) was an ancient Greek city , which was founded by Greek colonists from Megara in 667 BC and named after their king Byzas or Byzantas ( Ã⁄Â‚Ã∂ÂŸÃ⁄Â¶Ã⁄Â±Ã∂Â≠ or Ã⁄Â‚Ã∂ÂŸÃ⁄Â¶Ã⁄Â±Ã⁄Â∏Ã∂Â≥Ã⁄Â±Ã∂Â≠ in JJ ) . 
In computing , C is a general-purpose , block structured , procedural , imperative computer programming language developed in 1972 by Dennis Ritchie at the Bell Telephone Laboratories for use with the Unix operating system . 
A CD-R ( Compact Disc-Recordable ) is a variation of the Compact Disc invented by Philips and Sony . 
The CLIÉ ( pronounced " KLEE-AY " Latin ) was a series of personal digital assistants running the Palm Operating System developed and marketed by Sony from 2000 to . 
In computer science , a Cache ( /ˈkæʃ/ , like " cash " ) is a collection of data duplicating original values stored RB or computed RBR , WRB the original data is JJ to fetch ( owing to longer access time ) or to compute , compared to the cost of reading the cache . 
In golf , a caddie ( or Caddy ) is the person who carries a player 's bag , and gives insightful advice and moral support . 
A Cairn or ( Irish carn ) is an artificial pile of stones , RB in a conical form . 
A Calculator is an electronic device for performing mathematical calculations , distinguished from a computer by a limited problem solving ability and an interface optimized for interactive calculation RB than programming . 
Calculus ( Latin , Calculus , a small stone used for counting ) is a branch of mathematics that includes the study of limits , derivatives , integrals , and infinite series , and constitutes a major part of modern university education . 
A Calf ( plural calves ) is the young of various species of mammal . 
In Greek mythology , Callisto was a nymph of Artemis . 
The Calorie is a pre-SI unit of energy , in particular heat . 
The Cambrian is a geologic period and system that began about Cambriancambrian Ma ( million years ago ) at the end of the Proterozoic eon and ended about cambrianordovician Ma with the beginning of the Ordovician period ICS . 
The term Camel describes any of the six camellike creatures in the family Camelidae : the two true camels , and the four South American camelids , the llama , alpaca , guanaco , and vicuÃ∞Â±a . 
A Campus is RB the land on which a college or university and related institutional buildings are situated . 
A Cannon is a type of artillery , RB JJ CC JJ , that uses gunpowder or other explosive-based propellants to launch a projectile over a distance . 
Capella refers to vocal music or singing without instrumental accompaniment . 
A Capsid is the protein shell of a virus . 
The Carat is a unit of mass used for measuring gems and pearls . 
In chemistry , a Carbide is a compound of carbon with a less electronegative element . 
A Carbine is a firearm JJ to a rifle or musket , but generally JJR CC of lesser power . 
The Carboniferous is a geologic period and system that extends from the end of the Devonian period , about 359.2 ± 2.5 Ma ( million years ago ) , to the beginning of the Permian period , about 299.0 ± 0.8 Ma ICS . 
The term Carcinogen refers to RB substance , radionuclide or radiation that is an agent RB involved in the promotion of cancer or in the facilitation of its propagation . 
A Cardinal is a senior ecclesiastical official , RB a bishop , of the Catholic Church . 
In phylogenetic taxonomy , the Carinatae are considered the last common ancestor of Neornithes (living birds ) and Ichthyornis ( an extinct seabird of the Cretaceous ) . 
A Carnivore ( /ˈkɑrnɪvɔər/ ) , meaning 'meat eater ' ( Latin carne meaning 'flesh ' and vorare meaning 'to devour ' ) , is an animal with a diet consisting RB of meat , whether it comes from animals living ( predation ) or dead ( scavenging ) . 
A Casino is , in the modern sense of the word a facility that houses and accommodates certain types of gambling activities . 
In Greek mythology , Cassandra ( Greek : Κασσάνδρα " she who entangles women " ) ( also known as Alexandra ) was the daughter of King Priam and Queen Hecuba of Troy . 
A Cathode is an electrode through which ( positive ) electric current flows out of a polarized electrical device . 
A Cave is a natural underground void large enough for a human to enter . 
The Cebidae form one of the four families of New World monkeys now recognised . 
The Cell is the structural and functional unit of all known living organisms . 
In the most general sense of the word , a Cement is a binder , a substance which sets and hardens RB , and can bind other materials RB . 
A Centimetre ( American spelling : centimeter , symbol cm ) is a unit of length in the metric system , equal to one JJ of a metre , which is the current SI base unit of length . 
A Centriole is a barrel shaped organelle found in most animal eukaryotic cells , RB JJ in higher plants and fungi . 
The Centromere is a region , RB found in the middle of the chromosome , involved in cell division and the control of gene expression . 
A Century ( From the Latin cent , one hundred ) is one hundred consecutive years . 
In Greek mythology , Cerberus or Kerberos ( Greek Κέρβερος , Kérberos or Sürbürǔs , the daemon or ker of Erebos ) was the hound of Hades , a monstrous three-headed dog with a snake for a tail and snakes down his back like a mane , whose analogs in other cultures are hellhounds . 
The Cervix ( from Latin " neck " ) is the neck of the uterus WRB it joins with the top end of the vagina . 
In Greek mythology , Kharybdis or Charybdis ( /kəˈrɪbdɨs/ ; in Greek , Χάρυβδις ) was a sea monster , the daughter of Poseidon and Gaia . 
A Check-raise in poker is a common deceptive play in which a player checks early in a betting round , hoping someone RB will open . 
A Checksum is a form of redundancy check , a simple way to protect the integrity of data by detecting errors in data that are sent through space ( telecommunications ) or time ( storage ) . 
A Chemist is a scientist trained in the science of chemistry . 
The Choctaw are a Native American people RB from the Southeastern United States ( Mississippi , Alabama , and Louisiana ) . 
Cholinergic-urticaria is a subcategory of physical urticaria ( aka hives ) that is a skin rash brought on by a hypersensitive reaction to body heat . 
RB a Chronicle ( chronica , from Greek χρονικά ( from χρόνος ) ) is a historical account of facts and events in chronological order . 
A Church is a building used for prayer , worship , or other public religious services , usually referring RB to those for Christian worship . 
The Cimbri were a Celtic or JJ tribe who RB with the Teutones and the Ambrones threatened the Roman Republic in the late 2nd century BC . 
In cryptography , a Cipher ( or cypher ) is an algorithm for performing encryption and decryption - a series of well-defined steps that can be followed as a procedure . 
In Greek mythology , Circe or sərsē ( Greek Κίρκη Kírkē , falcon ) , was a Queen goddess ( CC sometimes nymph or sorceress ) living on the island of Aeaea . 
The Circumference is the distance around a closed curve . 
The Cirth ( " Runes " ) are the letters of an artificial script which was invented by J. R. R. Tolkien for the constructed languages he devised and used in his works . 
A Citadel is a fortress for protecting a town , RB incorporating a castle . 
A Civilization or civilisation is a society or culture group normally defined as a complex society characterized by the practice of agriculture and settlement in cities . 
A Clade is a taxonomic group comprising a single common ancestor and all the descendants of that ancestor . 
The Clarinet is a musical instrument in the woodwind family . 
In set theory and its applications throughout mathematics , a Class is a collection of sets ( CC sometimes other mathematical objects ) that can be unambiguously defined by a property that all its members share . 
In object-oriented programming , a Class is a programming language construct that is used as a blueprint to create objects . 
Classics or Classical Studies is the branch of the Humanities dealing with the languages , literature , history , art , and other aspects of the ancient Mediterranean world ; RB Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome during the time known as classical antiquity , roughly spanning from the Ancient Greek Bronze Age in 1000 BC to the Dark Ages circa AD . 
The Clavichord is a European stringed keyboard instrument known from the late Medieval , through the Renaissance , Baroque and Classical eras . 
A Clerihew ( or clerihew ) is a very specific kind of short biographical JJ verse . 
The Clitoris is a JJ organ that is JJ only in female mammals . 
A Clock is an instrument for measuring , indicating and maintaining the time . 
In computational complexity theory , Co-NP is a complexity class . 
The Coast is defined as the part of the land JJ CC near the ocean . 
In mathematics , RB in order theory , the Cofinality cf(A ) of a partially ordered set A is the least of the cardinalities of the cofinal subsets of A . 
The ColecoVision is Coleco Industries' second generation home video game console and was released in August . 
A Colloid is a type of mechanical mixture WRB one substance is dispersed RB throughout another . 
In politics and in history , a Colony is a territory under the immediate political control of a state . 
A Column in structural engineering is a vertical structural element that transmits , through compression , the weight of the structure above to other structural elements RB . 
In medicine , a Coma ( from the Greek κῶμα koma , meaning deep sleep ) is a profound state of unconsciousness . 
In computing , a Comment is information in a file that is RB intended as an annotation . 
Commodore is a military rank used in many navies for officers whose position exceeds that of a navy captain , but is JJR than that of a rear admiral . 
In biological terms , a Community is a group of interacting organisms sharing an environment . 
The Comoros ( ˈkɒməroʊz , القمر جزر , Juzur al-Qumur ) , RB the Union of the Comoros ( Union des Comores , ,-القمريّ, الاتّحاد , al-Ittiād al-Qumuriyy ) is an island nation in the Indian Ocean , located off the eastern coast of Africa on the northern end of the Mozambique Channel between northern Madagascar and northeastern Mozambique . 
The Compactron is a 12-pin vacuum tube family introduced in 1961 by General Electric in Owensboro , Kentucky with the express purpose of keeping tubes in the market for a few more years during the solid state revolution . 
A Compiler is a computer program ( or set of programs ) that translates text written in a computer language ( the source language ) into another computer language ( the target language ) . 
A Condom is a barrier device most commonly used during sexual intercourse . 
A Cone ( from the Greek κῶνος , Latin conu ) is a basic geometrical shape ; see cone ( geometry ) . 
Conflict-resolution is a range of methods for alleviating or eliminating sources of conflict . 
In mathematics , a Conjecture is a JJ statement which appears JJ to be JJ , but has not been formally proven to be JJ under the rules of mathematical logic . 
In articulatory phonetics , a Consonant is a speech sound that is articulated with complete or partial closure of the upper vocal tract , the upper vocal tract being defined as that part of the vocal tract that lies above the larynx . 
In common usage , a Constellation is a group of stars that are connected RB to form a figure or picture . 
A Constitution is a system for governance , RB codified as a written document , that establishes the rules and principles of an autonomous political entity . 
Contact-juggling is a form of object manipulation that focuses on the movement of objects JJ as balls in permanent contact with the body . 
The Contras is a label given to the various rebel groups opposing Nicaragua 's FSLN ( Frente Sandinista de Liberacion Nacional ) Sandinista Junta of National Reconstruction following the July 1979 overthrow of Anastasio Somoza Debayle . 
In mathematics and , in particular , functional analysis , Convolution is a JJ operator that takes two functions f and g and produces a third function that is typically viewed as a modified version of one of the original functions . 
In linguistics , a Copula is a word used to link the subject of a sentence with a predicate ( a subject complement or an adverbial ) . 
A Copycat ( RB 'copy-cat ' or 'copy cat ' ) is a person ( or animal , or computer program ) that mimics or repeats the behavior of another . 
The Cornet is a brass instrument very similar to the trumpet , distinguished by its conical bore , compact shape , and mellower tone quality . 
A Corona is a type of plasma " atmosphere " of the Sun or other celestial body , extending millions of kilometres into space , most easily seen during a total solar eclipse , but RB JJ in a coronagraph . 
A Corporation is a legal personality , RB used to conduct business . 
In anatomy : Cortex refers to the outermost or superficial layer of an organ , and RB in the brain . 
The term Costume can refer to wardrobe and dress in general , or to the distinctive style of dress of a particular people , class , or period . 
A Couplet is a pair of lines of verse . 
A Covenant-breaker or the act of Covenant-breaking refers to a particular form of heresy . 
A Crannóg is an ancient island used for a settlement . 
A Creed is a statement or confession of belief - RB religious belief - or faith often recited as part of a religious service . 
Cretinism is a condition of severely stunted physical and mental growth JJ to untreated congenital deficiency of thyroid hormones ( hypothyroidism ) . 
Crochet ( /kroʊˈʃeɪ/) ) is a process of creating fabric from yarn or thread using a crochet hook . 
In law , Cross-examination is the interrogation of a witness called by one 's opponent . 
A Crossfire ( also known as " interlocking fire " ) is a military term for the siting of weapons (often automatic weapons JJ as machine guns ) RB that their arcs of fire overlap . 
A Cruiser is a large type of warship , which had its prime period from the late 19th century to the end of the Cold War . 
In chemistry , mineralogy , and materials science , a Crystal is a solid in which the constituent atoms , molecules , or ions are packed in a regularly ordered , repeating pattern extending in all three spatial dimensions . 
A Cube is a three-dimensional RB object bounded by six square faces , facets or sides , with three meeting at each vertex . 
The Cucurbitales are an order of flowering plants , included in the rosid group of dicotyledons . 
Cuitlahuac ( c. 1476 - 1520 ) or Cuitláhuac ( in Spanish orthography ; in cuitlāhuac , honorific form Cuitlahuatzin ) was the JJ tlatoani ( ruler ) of the Aztec city of Tenochtitlan for 80 days during the year Two Flint ( 1520 ) . 
In Roman mythology , Cupid ( Latin cupido ) is the god of erotic love and beauty . 
In computer science , Currying , invented by Moses Schönfinkel and Gottlob Frege , is the technique of transforming a function that takes multiple arguments ( or RBR RB an n-tuple as argument ) in such a way as it can be called as a chain of functions each with a single argument . 
In film , a Cutaway is the interruption of a continuously filmed action by inserting a view of something RB . 
A Cyanide is chemical compound that contains the cyano group ( -C≡N ) , which consists of a carbon atom triple-bonded to a nitrogen atom . 
A Cyborg is a cybernetic organism ( i.--------NP , an organism that has both artificial and natural systems ) . 
The Cyclades ( Greek Κυκλάδες ) are a Greek island group in the Aegean Sea , south-east of the mainland of Greece ; and an administrative prefecture of Greece . 
The Cyprinodontiformes is an order of ray-finned fish , RB called the Microcyprini , and comprising RB JJ , fresh-water fish . 
A Cytoprotectant is RB medication that combats ulcers RB by reducing gastric acid but by increasing mucosal protection . 
The Cytosol ( cf . cytoplasm , ( RB abbreviated ICF ) which RB includes the organelles ) is the internal fluid of the cell , and WRB a portion of cell metabolism occurs . 
Digital Access Signaling System 1 ( DASS1 ) is a protocol defined by British Telecom for digital links to PSTN based on ISDN . 
The DECSYSTEM-20 was a 36-bit DEC PDP-10 computer running the TOPS-20 operating system . 
Deoxyribonucleic acid ( DNA ) is a nucleic acid that contains the genetic instructions used in the development and functioning of all known living organisms and some viruses . 
A Dagger ( from Vulgar Latin : 'daca ' - a Dacian knife ) is a RB double-edged blade used for stabbing or thrusting . 
A Dalek ( " dah-leck " , /ˈdɑːlɛks/ ) is a member of a fictional JJ race of mutants from the British science fiction television series Doctor Who . 
In law , Damages refers to the money paid or awarded to a claimant ( England ) , pursuer ( Scotland ) or plaintiff ( US ) following a successful claim in a civil action . 
The Dardanelles ( JJ : Çanakkale Boğazı , Greek : Δαρδανέλλια , Dardanellia ) , RB known as the Hellespont ( Greek : Ελλήσποντος , Hellespontos ) , is a narrow strait in JJ Turkey connecting the Aegean Sea to the Sea of Marmara . 
The Dasyproctidae are a family of large South American rodents , comprising the agoutis and acouchis . 
A Database is a structured collection of records or data . 
A Day ( symbol : d ) is a unit of time equivalent to 24 hours . 
The Decibel ( dB ) is a logarithmic unit of measurement that expresses the magnitude of a physical quantity ( RB power or intensity ) JJ to a specified or implied reference level . 
In linguistics , Declension ( or declination ) is the occurrence of inflection in nouns , pronouns and adjectives , indicating such features as number ( RB singular vs. plural ) , case ( JJ , object , and RB on ) , or gender . 
In astronomy , Declination ( abbrev . dec or δ ) is one of the two coordinates of the equatorial coordinate system , the other being either JJ ascension or hour angle . 
A Definition is a statement of the meaning of a word or phrase . 
The Delmarva-fox-squirrel , Sciurus niger cinereus , is an endangered subspecies of the fox squirrel . 
Democritus ( Greek : Δημόκριτος ) was a pre-Socratic Greek materialist philosopher ( born at Abdera in Thrace ca . 460 BC - died ca 370 BC ) . 
In computer science theory , a Deque ( JJ for double-ended queue - Deque is RB pronounced deck . is an abstract list type data structure , RB called a head-tail linked list , for which elements can be added to or removed from the front ( head ) or RB ( tail ) . 
A Desert is a landscape or region that receives very little precipitation . 
In naval terminology , a Destroyer is a fast and maneuverable yet long-endurance warship intended to escort larger vessels in a fleet , convoy or battle group and defend them against smaller , short-range but powerful attackers ( originally torpedo boats , later submarines and aircraft ) . 
In algebra , a Determinant is a function depending on n that associates a scalar , det(A ) , to every nxn square matrix . 
The Devonian is a geologic period and system of the Paleozoic era spanning from Ma|416|±2.8 to Ma|359.2|±2.5 million years ago ICS . 
The Dhole ( Cuon alpinus ) , RB known as the Asiatic Wild Dog , Indian Wild Dog or Red Dog is a mammal of the order Carnivora , and the only member of the genus 'Cuon ' . 
A Diacritic ( /daɪ.əˈkrɪtɨk/ ) , or diacritical mark , is a JJ sign JJ to a letter to alter pronunciation or to distinguish between similar words . 
A Dialect ( from the Greek word Διάλεκτος , dialektos ) is a variety of a language that is JJ of a particular group of the language 's speakers . 
In geometry , a Diameter of a circle is RB straight line segment that passes through the center of the circle and whose endpoints are on the circle . 
In Roman mythology , Diana was the goddess of the hunt , in literature the equivalent of the Greek goddess Artemis , RB in cult she was JJ in origin . 
The term Diaspora ( in Greek , διασπορά-NP a scattering or sowing of seeds " ) refers to the forced or JJ dispersal of any population sharing common ethnic identity to leave their settled territory , and become residents in areas RB RB removed from the former . 
Dice ( the plural of Die , from Old French `dé` , from Latin datum " something given or played " ) are JJ polyhedral objects , RB JJ , used for generating random numbers or other symbols . 
A Dictator is an authoritarian ruler ( e. g. absolutist or autocratic ) who assumes sole power over his CC her state , though the term is normally not applied to those who acquire such position by regular constitutional means , JJ as a hereditary absolute monarch , except to denote personal abuse of power . 
The Didgeridoo ( also known as a didjeridu or didge ) is a wind instrument of the Indigenous Australians of northern Australia . 
In mathematics , a Diffeomorphism is a kind of isomorphism of smooth manifolds . 
In mathematics the Dimension of a space is roughly defined as the minimum number of coordinates needed to specify every point within it . 
In electronics , a Diode is a two-terminal device ( except that thermionic diodes may also have one or two ancillary terminals for a heater ) . 
The Dipsacales are an order of flowering plants , included within the asterid group of dicotyledons . 
In general , Discrimination , in a non-legal sense , is the discernment of qualities and recognition of the differences between things . 
A Disease is an abnormal condition of an organism that impairs bodily functions . 
In vector calculus , the Divergence is an operator that measures the magnitude of a vector field 's source or sink at a given point ; the divergence of a vector field is a ( signed ) scalar . 
In Christianity , Docetism ( from the Greek δοκέω , " to seem " ) is the belief that Jesus ' physical body was an illusion , as was his crucifixion ; that is , Jesus RB seemed to have a physical body and to physically die , but in reality he was JJ , a pure spirit , and RB could not physically die . 
Documentary-film is a broad category of visual expressions that is based on the attempt , in one fashion or another , to " document " reality . 
A Dodecahedron is RB polyhedron with twelve faces , but RB a regular dodecahedron is meant : a Platonic solid composed of twelve regular pentagonal faces , with three meeting at each vertex . 
The Dodo is a JJ character appearing in Chapters 2 and 3 of the book Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll ( Charles Lutwidge Dodgson ) . 
A Dolmen ( also known as cromlech , anta , Hünengrab , Hunebed , quoit , and portal dolmen ) is a type of single-chamber megalithic tomb , RB consisting of three or more upright stones supporting a large flat horizontal capstone ( table ) . 
The Domestic-goat ( Capra aegagrus hircus ) is a subspecies of goat domesticated from the wild goat of southwest Asia and Eastern Europe . 
A Dominatrix ( from the Latin dominatrix , meaning a female ruler or Mistress ; plural dominatrices or dominatrixes ) or Mistress is a woman who takes the dominant role in bondage and discipline , dominance and submission or sado-masochistic sexual practices , which are commonly abbreviated as BDSM . 
Dominion , RB Dominion , and referred to in the monarchs style as the British Dominions beyond the Seas , is a term that RB referred to an autonomous polity under sovereign authority within the British Empire and British Commonwealth from the late 19th century . 
Titus Flavius Domitianus ( 24 October 51 - 18 September 96 ) , RB known as Domitian , was a Roman Emperor who reigned from 14 September 81 until his death on 18 September . 
Doom is a series of video games by id Software , and several licensed properties have been based on the series . 
A Door is a panel or barrier , RB hinged , sliding , or electronic , that is used to cover an opening in a wall or partition going into a building or space . 
Dorado ( /dəˈrɑːdəʊ/ , mahi-mahi or dolphin-fish ) is a JJ constellation . 
The Dorians or Dorian Greeks ( Greek : Δωριεῖς , Dōrieis , singular Δωριεύς , Dōrieus ) were one of three major tribes into which the ancient Greeks divided themselves . 
In medicine and toxicology , a Dose is the smallest amount of a substance required to produce a measurable effect on a living organism . 
Doublespeak is a disparaging label for RB euphemistic term perceived to be uttered in bad faith . 
The Downy-emerald ( Cordulia aenea ) is a species of dragonfly . 
The Dragon is a mythical creature of which some interpretation or depiction appears in almost every culture RB . 
A Dragonfly is a type of insect belonging to the order Odonata , the suborder Epiprocta or , in the strict sense , the infraorder Anisoptera . 
A Draugr ( original Old Norse plural draugar , RB used RB , not draugrs ) , draug or draugen ( Norwegian , JJ CC JJ , meaning the draug ) is an undead creature from Norse mythology . 
The Druze ( Arabic : دروز , derzī � or durzī‎ , plural درزي , Druzim ; RB transliterated 'Druz ' or 'Druse ' ) are a religious community found RB in Lebanon , Israel and Syria whose traditional religion is said to have begun as an offshoot of the Ismaili sect of Islam , but is JJ in its incorporation of Gnostic , neo-Platonic , pagan and other philosophies . 
In Greek mythology , Dryope was the daughter of Dryops ( " oak-man " ) or of Eurytus ( and RB half-sister to Iole ) . 
In filmmaking , Dubbing or looping is the process of recording or replacing voices for a motion picture . 
The Dumnonii or Dumnones were a Celtic tribe who inhabited the farther parts of the South West peninsula of Britain , during the Iron Age and the early Roman period . 
In physical geography , a Dune is a hill of sand built by aeolian processes . 
A Dye can generally be described as a colored substance that has an affinity to the substrate to which it is being applied . 
Dylan is a multi-paradigm language that includes support for functional and object-oriented programming , and is JJ CC JJ while providing a programming model designed to support efficient machine code generation , including fine-grained control over dynamic and static behaviors . 
In physics , the Dyne ( symbol " dyn " , from Greek δύναμις ( dynamis ) meaning power , force ) is a unit of force specified in the centimetre-gram-second ( CGS ) system of units , a predecessor of the modern SI . 
A Dystopia ( from the Greek δυσ- and τόπος , RB , cacotopia , kakotopia , cackotopia , or anti-utopia ) is the vision of a society that is the opposite of utopia . 
In linguistics , E-Prime is a modified English syntax and vocabulary lacking all forms of the verb to be : be , is , RB , are , was , were , been and being , and RB their contractions . 
Electronic mail , often abbreviated to E-mail , email , or RB mail , is a store-and-forward method of writing , sending , receiving and saving messages over electronic communication systems . 
Euskadi Ta Askatasuna or ETA ( Basque for " Basque Homeland and Freedom " ; /ˈɛːta/ ) , is an armed Basque nationalist separatist organization . 
EV refers to the official name of Estonia . 
EV refers to a species of pokémon . 
An Eclipse is an astronomical event that occurs WRB one celestial object moves into the shadow of another . 
The Ecliptic is the JJ path that the Sun traces out in the sky during the year . 
In medicine an Ectopia is a displacement or malposition of an organ of the body . 
An Election is decision-making process by which a population chooses an individual to hold formal office . 
An Electrode is an electrical conductor used to make contact with a nonmetallic part of a circuit ( e. g. a semiconductor , an electrolyte or a vacuum ) . 
The Electron is a JJ subatomic particle that carries a negative electric charge . 
Electronegativity is a chemical property that describes the ability of an atom ( or , RBR RB , a functional group ) to attract electrons ( or electron density ) towards itself in a covalent bond . 
Electronics is the study of the flow of charge through various materials and devices JJ as semiconductors , resistors , inductors , capacitors , nano-structures and vacuum tubes . 
An Elevator or lift is a transport device used to move goods or people RB , from one floor to another . 
An Elf is a creature of Germanic mythology . 
In mathematics , an Ellipse ( from the Greek ἔλλειψις , literally absence ) is a locus of points in a plane JJ that the sum of the distances to two fixed points is a constant . 
The Embouchure is the use of facial muscles and the shaping of the lips to the mouthpiece of a wind instrument . 
An Emotion is a JJ and physiological state associated with a wide variety of feelings , thoughts , and behaviours . 
An Emperor is a ( JJ ) monarch , RB the sovereign ruler of an empire or another type of imperial realm . 
In philosophy , Empiricism is a theory of knowledge that is JJ RB than JJ , and asserts that knowledge arises from experience RB than revelation . 
An Emulsion is a mixture of two immiscible ( unblendable ) substances . 
An Encyclopedia ( or encyclopædia ) is a comprehensive written compendium that contains information on either all branches of knowledge or a particular branch of knowledge . 
In mathematics , an Endomorphism is a morphism ( or homomorphism ) from a mathematical object to itself . 
An Endosymbiont is RB organism that lives within the body or cells of another organism . 
In physics and other sciences , Energy ( from the Greek lang - energeia , " activity , operation " , from JJ - energos , " active , working " ) is a scalar physical quantity that is a property of objects and systems which is conserved by nature . 
An Engine is a mechanical device that produces some form of output from a given input . 
The Enterobacteriaceae are a large family of bacteria , including many of the more familiar pathogens , JJ as Salmonella and Escherichia coli . 
In thermodynamics ( a branch of physics ) , Entropy is a measure of the unavailability of a system 's energy to do work . 
In mathematics , the Entscheidungsproblem ( German for 'decision problem ' ) is a challenge posed by David Hilbert in . 
An Epigram is a short poem , RB with a clever twist at the end or a concise and witty statement . 
The Epipaleolithic or " peripheral old stone age " is a term used for the hunter-gatherer cultures that existed after the end of the last Ice Age , before the Neolithic . 
Epistemology ( from Greek ἐπιστήμη - episteme , " knowledge " + λόγος , " logos " ) or theory of knowledge is a branch of philosophy concerned with the nature and scope of knowledge . 
An Epitaph ( in JJ , JJ - RB " on the gravestone " ) is a short text honoring a deceased person , RB speaking that inscribed on their tombstone or plaque , CC RB used RB . 
An Equation is a mathematical statement , in symbols , that two things are RB the same ( or equivalent ) . 
The Equator is the intersection of the Earth 's surface with the plane perpendicular to the Earth 's axis of rotation and containing the Earth 's center of mass . 
An Erg is the unit of energy and mechanical work in the centimetre-gram-second ( CGS ) system of units , symbol " erg " . 
The Ericales are a large and JJ order of dicotyledons , including for example tea , persimmon , blueberry , Brazil nut , and azalea . 
Eridanus refers to a river in Greek mythology , associated by Herodotus with the Po . 
In Greek mythology the Erinyes ( JJ or Eumenides ( or Furies in Roman mythology ) were JJ , JJ deities of vengeance or supernatural personifications of the anger of the dead . 
Erotica is a modern word used to describe the portrayal of the human anatomy and sexuality with high-art aspirations , differentiating such work from commercial pornography . 
An Esbat is a ritual observance of the full moon within Wicca and other Wiccan-influenced forms of Neopaganism . 
An Escalator is a conveyor transport device for transporting people , consisting of individual , linked steps that move up or down on tracks , which keep the treads JJ . 
The Essenes were , RB speaking , an ascetic Jewish religious group that flourished from the 2nd century BC to the 1st century AD . 
In statistics , an Estimator is a function of the observable sample data that is used to estimate an unknown population parameter ( which is called the estimand ) ; an estimate is the result from the actual application of the function to a particular sample of data . 
A Euphemism is the substitution of an JJ or RBR offensive expression in place of one that may offend or suggest something JJ to the listener ; or in the case of doublespeak , to make it RBR JJ for the speaker . 
The Euphonium is a conical-bore , baritone-voiced brass instrument . 
Eurasia is RB RB used in geopolitics as a neutral way to refer to organizations of affairs concerning the post-Soviet states , in particular Russia , the Central Asian republics , and the Transcaucasian republics . 
The Euro ( currency sign : € ; currency code : EUR ) is the official currency of the European Union ( EU ) . 
In Greek mythology , Eurystheus was king of Tiryns , one of three Mycenaean strongholds in the Argolid : Sthenelus was his father and the " horsewoman " Nicippe his mother , and he was a grandson of the hero Perseus , as was his opponent Heracles . 
In the Latter Day Saint movement , an Evangelist is an ordained office of the ministry . 
In probability theory , an Event is a set of outcomes ( a subset of the sample space ) to which a probability is assigned . 
The Evoluon ( coor dms ) is a conference centre and former science museum erected by the electronics and electrical company Philips in Eindhoven , the Netherlands , in . 
In biology , Evolution is the process of change in the inherited traits of a population of organisms from one generation to the next . 
An Exabyte ( derived from the SI prefix exa- ) is a unit of information or computer storage JJ to one quintillion bytes . 
In political science and constitutional law , the Executive is the branch of government JJ for the day-to-day management of the state . 
In thermodynamics , the word Exothermic describes a process or reaction that releases energy RB in the form of heat , but it can also release energy in form of light ( e. g. explosions ) , sound , or electricity ( e. g. a battery ) . 
An Exploit ( from the same word in the French language , meaning " achievement " , or " accomplishment " ) is a piece of software , a chunk of data , or sequence of commands that take advantage of a bug , glitch or vulnerability in order to cause unintended or unanticipated behavior to occur on computer software , hardware , or something electronic ( usually computerized ) . 
An Extremophile is an organism that thrives in and may even require RB CC geochemically extreme conditions that are JJ to the majority of life on Earth . 
A Factoid is a RB JJ ( JJ , JJ , or invented ) and RB allegedly counterintuitive " fact " with little significance outside the possibility of its own statement . 
The Fagales are an order of flowering plants , including some of the best known trees . 
The order Falconiformes is a group of about 290 species of birds that include the diurnal birds of prey . 
A Fantasy is a situation imagined by an individual or group , which does RB correspond with reality but expresses certain desires or aims of its creator . 
A Fanzine ( see RB : zine ) is a nonprofessional publication produced by fans of a particular cultural phenomenon ( such as a literary or musical genre ) for the pleasure of others who share their interest . 
In J. R. R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth legendarium , Faramir is a fictional character appearing in The Lord of the Rings . 
The traditional Roman Fasces consisted of a bundle of white birch rods , tied RB with a red leather ribbon into a cylinder , and RB including a bronze axe ( or RB two ) amongst the rods , with the blade(s ) on the side , projecting from the bundle . 
A Fatwā ( فتوى ; plural fatāwā فتاوى‎ ) , in the Islamic faith is a religious opinion on Islamic law issued by an Islamic scholar . 
The term Federalism is used to describe a system of the government in which sovereignty is constitutionally divided between a central governing authority and constituent political units ( like states or provinces ) . 
In common law legal systems , a Felony is a JJ crime , RB contrasted with a misdemeanor . 
In the broadest possible sense , Fencing is the art of armed combat involving cutting , stabbing , or bludgeoning weapons directly manipulated by hand , RB than shot , thrown or positioned . 
Fermentation refers to the process of energy production in a cell under anaerobic conditions ( without oxygen ) . 
Fermentation refers to a form of anaerobic respiration used RB by yeasts when oxygen is RB JJ in sufficient quantity for normal cellular respiration . 
In industry , Fermentation RB refers to the breakdown and re-assembly of biochemicals for industry , RB in aerobic growth conditions . 
In food science , Fermentation may refer to the conversion of carbohydrates into alcohols or acids under anaerobic conditions used for making certain foods . 
A Fetus ( or foetus or fœtus ) is a developing mammal or JJ viviparous vertebrate , after the embryonic stage and before birth . 
Leonardo of Pisa ( c. 1170 - c. 1250 ) , RB known as Leonardo Pisano , Leonardo Bonacci , Leonardo Fibonacci , or , RBS RB , RB Fibonacci , was an Italian mathematician , considered by some " the most talented mathematician of the Middle Ages " . 
In abstract algebra , a Field is an algebraic structure in which the operations of addition , subtraction , multiplication and division ( except division by zero ) may be performed , and the same rules hold which are JJ from the arithmetic of ordinary numbers . 
In mathematics , a Filter is a special subset of a RB ordered set . 
A Fin is a surface used to produce lift and thrust or to steer while traveling in water , air , or other fluid media . 
Fire-clay is a specific kind of clay used in the manufacture of ceramics , RB fire brick . 
A Firearm is a device that can be used as a weapon that fires either single or multiple projectiles propelled at high velocity by the gases produced through rapid , confined burning of a propellant . 
A Flag is a piece of cloth , RB flown from a pole or mast , generally used RB for signaling or identification . 
A Fleming is an inhabitant of Flanders , see Flemish people . 
In digital circuits , a Flip-flop is an onomatopoeic term that refers a kind of bistable multivibrator , an electronic circuit that has two stable states and RB is JJ of serving as one bit of memory . 
The Flipper is the name of a particular bowling delivery used in cricket , RB by a leg spin bowler . 
The Flugelhorn ( also spelled fluegelhorn or flügelhorn ) is a brass instrument resembling a trumpet but with a wider , conical bore . 
A Fluid is defined as a substance that RB deforms ( flows ) under an applied shear stress regardless of how small the applied stress . 
The Flute is a musical instrument of the woodwind family . 
The term Foobar is a common placeholder name , RB referred to as metasyntactic variable , used in computer programming or computer-related documentation . 
The Foot is a structure found in many animals that is used for locomotion . 
A Forge is the workplace of a smith or a blacksmith . 
Frankenstein is a novel infused with some elements of the Gothic novel and the Romantic movement . 
A Freeway - RB known as a highway , superhighway , autoroute , autobahn , autopista , autostrada , dual carriageway , expressway , or motorway - is a type of road designed for safer high-speed operation of motor vehicles through the elimination of at-grade intersections . 
Friesland ( 439 Friesland . ogg , West Frisian : FryslÃƒâˆžÃ‚Â¢n , Dutch : Friesland ) is a province in the north of the Netherlands and part of the bigger region known as Frisia . 
A Frigate is a warship . 
The name " Fudge " was RB an acronym for Freeform Universal Donated ( RBR , Do-it-yourself ) Gaming Engine and , though the acronym has since been dropped , that phrase remains a good summation of the game 's design goals . 
In music , a Fugue ( /ˈfjuːɡ/ ) is a type of contrapuntal composition or technique of composition for a fixed number of parts , RB referred to as " voices " . 
In mathematical terms , a Fullerene is a trivalent JJ polyhedron with pentagonal and hexagonal faces . 
A Fungus ( /ˈfʌŋɡəs/ ) is a eukaryotic organism that is a member of the kingdom Fungi . 
A Furlong is a measure of distance in imperial units and U. S. customary units . 
Furry RB refers to fans of artwork , stories , and related products ( comics , movies , costumes , etc. ) which feature anthropomorphic animals . 
Furry may refer to an animal character with anthropomorphic characteristics . 
The Futurians were an influential group of science fiction fans , many of whom became editors and writers RB RB . 
The GNU Image Manipulation Program , or GIMP , is a raster graphics editor used to process digital graphics and photographs . 
The 'Generic Universal RolePlaying System ' , RB known as GURPS is a role-playing game system designed to adapt to any imaginary gaming environment . 
The Galjoen , black bream , or blackfish , Dichistius capensis is a of marine fish that is found RB along the coast of South Africa . 
The Galliard ( gaillarde , in French ) was a form of Renaissance dance and music JJ RB over Europe in the 16th century . 
In Australia , New Zealand , South Africa and Newfoundland , the term Gallipoli RB is used to describe the 8 month campaign . 
A Gallon is a measure of volume . 
A Gambeson ( or aketon or padded jack ) is a padded defensive jacket , worn as armour RB , or combined with mail or plate armour . 
A Game is a structured or semi-structured activity , RB undertaken for enjoyment and sometimes also used as an educational tool . 
The Game.com ( pronounced in TV commercials as " game com " , not " game dot com " and not capitalized in marketing material ) was a handheld game console released by Tiger Electronics in September . 
In plants and algae that undergo alternation of generations , a Gametophyte is the multicellular structure , or phase , that is JJ , containing a single set of chromosomes : The gametophyte produces male or female gametes ( CC both ) , by a process of cell division called mitosis . 
The Ganges ( /ˈɡændʒiːz/ gan-jeez ) is a major river in the Indian subcontinent flowing RB through the eponymous plains of northern India into Bangladesh . 
A Gardener is RB person involved in the growing and maintenance of plants , RB in a garden . 
In physics , a Gas is a state of matter , consisting of a collection of particles ( molecules , atoms , ions , electrons , etc. ) without a definite shape or volume that are in more or less random motion . 
A Gate is a point of entry to a space enclosed by walls , or an opening in a fence . 
Gauntlet refers to a video game originally produced in 1985 by Atari Games . 
The Gauss , abbreviated as G , is the cgs unit of magnetic flux density in a magnetic field ( B ) , named after the German mathematician and physicist Carl Friedrich Gauss . 
Gazpacho refers to a cold Spanish soup originating in the Southern region of Andalusia . 
In Arabian folklore , a Genie is a fiery creature with free will . 
In biology the Genome of an organism is its whole hereditary information and is encoded in the DNA ( or , for some viruses , RNA ) . 
The Genotype is the JJ constitution of a cell , an organism , or an individual , that is the specific allele makeup of the individual , RB with reference to a specific character under consideration . 
Gent refers to a shortened form of gentleman . 
A Geyser is a hot spring characterized by intermittent discharge of water ejected RB and accomplished by a vapour phase . 
A Ghost is RB the apparition of a deceased person , RB JJ in appearance to that person , and usually encountered in places she or he frequented , or in association with the person 's former belongings . 
A Gimlet is a hand tool for drilling small holes , RB in wood , without splitting . 
In Germanic mythology , Ginnungagap was the vast , JJ void that existed RB to the creation of the manifest universe . 
The Giraffe ( Giraffa camelopardalis ) is an African even-toed ungulate mammal , the tallest of all land-living animal species , and the largest ruminant . 
Glycolysis is the sequence of reactions that converts glucose into pyruvate with the concomitant production of a relatively small amount of adenosine triphosphate ( ATP ) . 
A Glyph is an element of writing . 
A Gnome is a mythical creature characterized by its extremely small size and subterranean lifestyle . 
In Jewish folklore , a Golem ( גולם , RB , RB in Yiddish , pronounced goilem ) is an animated being created RB from inanimate matter . 
A Grace-note is a kind of music notation used to denote several kinds of musical ornaments . 
In vector calculus , the Gradient of a scalar field is a vector field which points in the direction of the greatest rate of increase of the scalar field , and whose magnitude is the greatest rate of change . 
Gramophone refers to a British publication devoted to classical music . 
In typography , a Grapheme is the JJ unit in written language . 
The Greyhound is a breed of dog that has been RB bred for coursing game and racing . 
Grinded-Tea is a special sort of Hakka drinking , which is RB JJ among Hakkas in Mainland China . 
The Grizzly-bear ( Ursus arctos horribilis ) , RB known as the silvertip bear , is a subspecies of brown bear that RB lives in the uplands of western North America . 
In mathematics , a Group is a fundamental object of the field of abstract algebra . 
A Guild is an association of craftsmen in a particular trade . 
The Guitar is a musical instrument with ancient roots that is used in a wide variety of musical styles . 
The Gulag was the government agency that administered the penal labor camps of the Soviet Union . 
A Gun is any of several types of object that propels another object or JJ . 
The Gylfaginning deals with the creation and destruction of the world of the Norse gods , and many other aspects of Norse mythology . 
German , H is typically used as a vowel lengthener , RB RB as the phoneme / h/ . 
Human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) is a lentivirus ( a member of the retrovirus family ) that can lead to acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( AIDS ) , a condition in humans in which the immune system begins to fail , leading to life-threatening opportunistic infections . 
In cryptography , a keyed-Hash Message Authentication Code ( HMAC or KHMAC ) , is a type of message authentication code ( MAC ) calculated using a specific algorithm involving a cryptographic hash function in combination with a secret key . 
HOL can refer to the House of Lords - the upper house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland . 
HOL is an abbreviation for higher-order language , aka , High-level programming language , JJ as Fortran , COBOL , ALGOL , PL/ 1 , or SNOBOL to distinguish such programming languages from assembly language . 
In computing , Hacker refers to people engaged in circumvention of computer security . 
A Hadron , in particle physics , is any RB interacting composite subatomic particle . 
The Halfbakery is a JJ ideas bank used by people who wish to propose and develop ( RB RB serious ) half-baked inventions . 
In quantum mechanics , the Hamiltonian H is the observable corresponding to the total energy of the system . 
A Hammer is a tool meant to deliver an impact to an object . 
RB , Handloading referred to the JJ manufacture of cartridges and shells using all newly-manufactured components , whereas reloading referred to the private manufacture of cartridges and shells using previously-fired cartridge brass and shells with new bullets , shot , primers , and powder . 
A Harbor or harbour ( see spelling differences ) , or haven , is a place WRB ships may shelter from the weather or are stored . 
A Harmonica is a free reed wind instrument which is played by blowing air into or drawing air out by placing lips over individual holes ( reed chambers ) or multiple holes . 
The Harp is a JJ instrument which has the plane of its strings positioned JJ to the soundboard . 
A Harpsichord is a musical instrument played by means of a keyboard . 
The Hasdingi were the JJ tribes of the Vandals , an East Germanic tribe . 
In computer science , a Heap is a specialized tree-based data structure that satisfies the heap property : if B is a child node of A , then key(A) ≥ ge ; key(B) . 
A Hearse is a funeral vehicle , a conveyance for the coffin . 
In physics , Heat , symbolized by Q , is energy transferred from one body or system to another JJ to a difference in temperature . 
The Hebrides ( HEB-ri-deez , JJ : Innse Gall ) comprise a widespread and JJ archipelago off the west coast of Scotland , and in geological terms are composed of the oldest rocks in Europe . 
In Norse mythology , Hel ( sometimes Anglicized or Latinized as Hela ) is the ruler of Hel , the Norse underworld . 
Helium-3 ( He-3 ) is a light , non-radioactive isotope of helium with two protons and one neutron , JJ on Earth , sought for use in nuclear fusion research . 
The Helvetii were a Celtic tribe and the main occupants of the Swiss plateau in the 1st century BC . 
The Heracleidae or Heraclids were the JJ descendants of Heracles ( Hercules ) , RB applied in a narrower sense to the descendants of Hyllus , the eldest of his four sons by Deianira ( Hyllus was also sometimes thought of as a son of Melite with Heracles ) . 
In Greek mythology , Heracles or Herakles was a divine hero , the son of Zeus and Alcmene , nephew of Amphitryon and great-grandson ( and half-brother ) of Perseus . 
A Herb is a plant that is valued for qualities JJ as medicinal properties , flavor , scent , or the like . 
Using a modified Doom engine , Heretic was one of the first first-person games to feature inventory manipulation and the ability to look up and down . 
The Hertz ( symbol : Hz ) is the International System of Units ( SI ) base unit of frequency . 
In the nomenclature of organic chemistry , a Heteroatom ( from Ancient Greek heteros , JJ , + atomos ) is RB atom that is RB carbon or hydrogen . 
A Hex refers to a curse or magical spell or a female caster of JJ . 
In mathematics and computer science , Hexadecimal ( RB base-16 , hexa , or hex ) is a numeral system with a radix , or base , of . 
A Hi-hat , or hihat , is a type of cymbal and stand used as a typical part of a drum kit by percussionists in R&B B , hip-hop , disco , jazz , rock and roll , house , and other forms of contemporary popular music . 
A Hierarchy is an arrangement of objects , people , elements , values , grades , orders , classes , . 
A Hindu ( हिन्दू ) is an adherent of the philosophies and scriptures of Hinduism , a set of religious , philosophical and cultural systems that originated in the Indian subcontinent . 
A Historian is an individual who studies and writes about history , and is regarded as an authority on it . 
The Hittites were an ancient Anatolian people who spoke a language of the Anatolian branch of the Indo-European language family , and established a kingdom centered at Hattusa ( Hittite URUḪattuša ) in north-central Anatolia ca . 
A Homeland ( rel . country of origin and native land ) is the concept of the territory ( cultural geography ) to which an ethnic group holds a long history and a deep cultural association with - the country in which a particular national identity began . 
The Homepage ( often written as home page ) or main page is the URL or local file that automatically loads when a web browser starts and when the browser 's " home " button is pressed . 
In abstract algebra , a Homomorphism is a structure-preserving map between two algebraic structures ( such as groups , rings , or vector spaces ) . 
A Honeymoon is the JJ holiday taken by newlyweds to celebrate their marriage in intimacy and seclusion . 
The Horn is a brass instrument consisting of about 12 feet of tubing wrapped into a coil with a flared bell . 
Horror refers to an album by . 
Horror-of-personality is a specific sub-category of horror . 
The Horse ( Equus caballus ) is a large odd-toed ungulate mammal , one of ten living species of the family Equidae . 
A Howitzer is a type of artillery piece that is characterized by a relatively short barrel and the use of comparatively small explosive charges to propel projectiles at trajectories with a steep angle of descent . 
Huckleberry is a name used in North America for several plants in two closely related genera in the family Ericaceae : Gaylussacia and Vaccinium . 
A Hull is the body of a ship or boat . 
Hummer is a brand of off-road vehicles sold by General Motors , RB known as GM . 
The Huns were an RB confederation of Central Asian equestrian nomads or semi-nomads , with a Turkic core of aristocracy . 
In organic chemistry , a Hydrocarbon is an organic compound consisting RB of hydrogen and carbon . 
Hydrodynamic-technique is a subcategory of electroanalytical methods in which the analyte solution flows JJ to a working electrode . 
A Hydrofoil is a boat with wing-like foils mounted on struts below the hull . 
In chemistry , Hydroxide is the most common name for the diatomic anion OH- . 
Hydroxyl RB chemistry stands for a molecule consisting of an oxygen atom and a hydrogen atom connected by a covalent bond . 
A Hymn is a type of song , RB JJ , RB written for the purpose of praise , adoration or prayer , and typically addressed to a deity/ deities , a prominent figure or an epic tale . 
In mathematics , a Hyperbola ( Greek ὑπερβολή , " over-thrown " ) is a type of conic section defined as the intersection between a right circular conical surface and a plane which cuts through both halves of the cone . 
In economics , Hyperinflation is inflation that is " RB of control , " a condition in which prices increase RB as a currency loses its value . 
In Greek mythology , Hypnos was the personification of sleep ; the Roman equivalent was known as Somnus . 
The name ICQ is an initialism on the phrase " I seek you " . 
Internet Protocol version 4 ( IPv4 ) is the RB iteration of the Internet Protocol ( IP ) and it is the first version of the protocol to be widely deployed . 
ISIS ( 'Image and Scanner Interface Specification ) is an industry standard interface for image scanning technologies , developed by Pixel Translations in 1990 ( today : EMC captiva ) . 
An Icon ( from Greek εἰκών , " image " ) is an image , picture , or representation ; it is a sign or likeness that stands for an object by signifying or representing it RB RB CC by analogy , RB in semiotics ; by extension , 'icon ' is also used , RB in modern culture , in the general sense of symbol . 
In ring theory , a branch of abstract algebra , an Ideal is a special subset of a ring . 
An Ideogram or ideograph ( from Greek ἰδέα idea " idea " + γράφω grafo " to write " ) is a graphic symbol that represents an idea , RB than a group of letters arranged according to the phonemes of a spoken language , RB is done in alphabetic languages , or a strictly representational picture of a subject RB may be done in illustration or photography . 
The Iliad is RB with the Odyssey , one of two ancient Greek epic poems traditionally attributed to Homer . 
An Imam ( أئمة إمام ) is an Islamic leader , RB the leader of a mosque and/ or community . 
An Impi is an isiZulu word for RB armed body of men . 
An Inch ( plural : inches ; symbol or abbreviation : in or , RB , " ; Prime ; double prime ) is the name of a unit of length in a number of different systems , including English units , Imperial units , and United States customary units . 
An Incunabulum is a book , single sheet , or image that was printed - RB JJ - before the year 1501 in Europe . 
An Index is a system used to make finding information RBR . 
The Indridae ( RB spelled Indriidae ) are a family of strepsirrhine primates . 
An Industry or sector ( from Latin industrius , " JJ , JJ " ) is the manufacturing of a good or service within a category . 
The Infantry are a type of soldiers who are RB trained for the role of fighting on foot . 
Infectious-pneumonia is the most important kind of pneumonia , but there are other types . 
In grammar , Infinitive is the name for JJ verb forms that exist in many languages . 
An Infundibulum ( JJ for funnel ; plural , infundibula ) is a funnel-shape cavity or organ . 
In computing , Input/output , or I/ O , refers to the communication between an information processing system ( such as a computer ) , and the outside world ÃƒÂ¢Ã‚â€¢Ã‚â€ž RB a human , or another information processing system . 
An Insulator is a material that resists the flow of electric current . 
In computer science , the term Integer is used to refer to a data type which represents some finite subset of the mathematical integers . 
In linguistics , logic , philosophy , and other fields , an Intension is RB property or quality connoted by a word , phrase or other symbol . 
In physics , Interference is the addition ( superposition ) of two or more waves that result in a new wave pattern . 
The Internet is a worldwide , publicly accessible series of interconnected computer networks that transmit data by packet switching using the standard Internet Protocol ( IP ) . 
In the mathematical subfield of numerical analysis , Interpolation is a method of constructing new data points within the range of a discrete set of known data points . 
In law , Interrogatories ( RB known as Requests for Further Information ) are a formal set of written questions propounded by one litigant and required to be answered by an adversary , in order to clarify matters of evidence and help to determine in advance what facts will be presented at any trial in the case . 
In computing , an Interrupt is an asynchronous signal from hardware indicating the need for attention or a synchronous event in software indicating the need for a change in execution . 
An Ion is an atom or molecule which has lost or gained one or more valence electrons , giving it a positive or negative electrical charge . 
According to the Hebrew Bible , Isaac ( Hebrew : Yitzchak יִצְחָק , Standard Yiẓḥaq Tiberian Yiṣḥāq ; Arabic : JJ , ʾIsḥāq ; " he will laugh " ) is the son of Abraham and Sarah , and the father of Jacob and Esau . 
An Island ( /ˈaɪlənd/ ) or isle ( /ˈaɪl/ ) is RB piece of land that is completely surrounded by water in two dimensions , above high tide , and isolated from other significant landmasses . 
In poker , an Isolation play is RB a raise designed to encourage one or more players to fold , RB for the purpose of making the hand a one-on-one contest with a specific opponent . 
In abstract algebra , an Isomorphism ( Greek : ison " JJ " , and morphe " shape " ) is a bijective map f JJ that both f and its inverse f - 1 are homomorphisms . 
JANET is a private British JJ computer network dedicated to education and research . 
In computing , JPEG ( pronounced JAY-peg ; /ˈdʒeɪpɛɡ/ ) is a RB used method of compression for photographic images . 
In the context of the French Revolution , a Jacobin RB meant a member of the Jacobin Club ( 1789-1794 ) , but RB at that time , the term Jacobins had been popularly applied to all promulgators of revolutionary opinions . 
The Jaguar ( Panthera onca , /ˡdʒægjuɚ/ in British English , or / /ˡdʒægwɑr/ in American English ) is a New World mammal of the Felidae family and one of four " big cats " in the Panthera genus , RB with the tiger , lion , and leopard of the Old World . 
The Jedi are members of an ancient and noble monastic order in the fictional Star Wars universe . 
Jeongol is a category of JJ stews or casseroles in Korean cuisine . 
In physics , Jerk , jolt ( RB in British English ) , surge or lurch , is the rate of change of acceleration ; that is , the derivative of acceleration with respect to time , the second derivative of velocity , or the third derivative of displacement . 
A Jew ( Hebrew : יְהוּדִים , Yehudi ( sl . ) ; יְהוּדִים , Yehudim ( pl . ) ; Ladino : ג׳ודיוס , Djudio ( sl . ) ; ייִד , Djudios ( pl . ) ; Yiddish : ייִד , Yid ( sl . ) ; ייִדן , Yidn ( pl . ) ) is a member of the Jewish people , an ethnoreligious group originating from the Israelites or Hebrews of the ancient Middle East . 
Jewel may mean Gemstone or jewellery . 
A Joke is a short story or ironic depiction of a situation communicated with the intent of being JJ . 
According to the Hebrew Bible ( Tanakh/ Old Testament ) and Qur'an , Jonah ( Hebrew וֹנָה ; Arabic : يونس , Yunus or يونان , Yunaan ; Latin Ionas ; " Dove " ) was a prophet who was swallowed by a great fish . 
The Joule ( written in lower case , /ˈdʒuːl/ or /ˈdʒaʊl/ ) ( symbol : J ) is the SI unit of energy measuring heat , electricity and mechanical work . 
A Joystick is an input device consisting of a stick that pivots on a base and reports its angle or direction to the device it is controlling . 
The Jurassic is a geologic period and system that extends from about period startperiod start error Ma ( million years ago ) to period endperiod end error Ma , that is , from the end of the Triassic to the beginning of the Cretaceous . 
The Jutes , Iuti , or Iutae were a JJ people who , according to Bede , were one of the three most powerful Germanic peoples of the time . 
Jutland ( Jylland ; Jütland ; Low German : Jüütland ; in English ) is the JJ , continental part of Denmark RB RB as one of the three historical Lands of Denmark , dividing the North Sea from the Kattegat and the Baltic Sea . 
The KA-BAR is a JJ fighting and utility Bowie knife RB used by the United States Marine Corps in World War II . 
The KAB-500KR is an JJ TV-guided fire and forget bomb developed by the Soviet Air Force in the 1980s . 
The KAB-500L is a laser-guided bomb developed by the Soviet Air Force . 
The abbreviation KB or kb can refer to : Kilobit ( kb ) , a unit of information used , for example , to quantify computer memory or storage capacity . 
The name KDE was intended as a word play on the existing Common Desktop Environment , JJ for Unix systems . 
Khadamat-e Etela'at-e Dawlati 'خدمات-اطلاعات-دولتی ( English : " State Information Agency " ) , RB RB known by its acronym KHAD ( or KhAD ) , was the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan 's secret police . 
KIBO is an acronym for Knowledge In , Bullshit Out . 
Kernel Language 0 ( KL0 ) is a sequential logic programming language based on Prolog , used in the ICOT Fifth generation computer project . 
KMS refers to a Knowledge Management Solution . 
Kahlúa is a well-known Mexican coffee-flavored liqueur . 
A Kaleidoscope is a tube of mirrors containing RB colored beads , pebbles or other small colored objects . 
The Kalevala is a book and epic poem which the Finn Elias Lönnrot compiled from Finnish and Karelian folklore in the 19th century . 
A Kangaroo is a marsupial from the family Macropodidae ( macropods , meaning large foot ) . 
A Kantele ( /ˈkɑntele/ in JJ ) or 'kannel ' ( /ˈkɑnːel/ in JJ ) , is a traditional plucked string instrument of the zither family . 
Kapok ( Ceiba pentandra ) is a JJ tree of the order Malvales and the family Malvaceae ( previously separated in the family Bombacaceae ) , JJ to Mexico , Central America and the Caribbean , northern South America , and ( as the variety C. pentandra var . guineensis ) to tropical west Africa . 
The word Katakana means " fragmentary kana " , as the katakana scripts are derived from components of RBR JJ FW . 
The Katal ( symbol : kat ) is the SI unit of catalytic activity . 
A Katharometer is a JJ conductivity device for determining one gas in a binary or pseudo-binary mixture . 
The Kattegat ( Danish ) , or Kattegatt ( Swedish ) is a sea area bounded by Jutland ( Denmark ) , and Scania , Halland and BohuslÃ¤n ( Sweden ) . 
A Kayak is a small JJ boat . 
Kazaa is a peer-to-peer file sharing application using the FastTrack protocol and is owned by Sharman Networks . 
The Keeshond ( /ˈkeɪz.hɒnd/ or KAYZ-hond ; plural : Keeshonden ) is a JJ dog with a plush two-layer coat of silver and black fur with a ruff and a curled tail , originating in Germany . 
The Kelvin ( symbol : K ) is a unit increment of temperature and is one of the seven SI base units . 
A Kenning ( Old Norse kenning , Modern Icelandic pronunciation ) is a circumlocution used RB of an ordinary noun in Old JJ CC later Icelandic poetry . 
Introduced in 1990 , Keykode is an Eastman Kodak Company advancement on edge numbers , which are letters , numbers and symbols placed at regular intervals along the edge of 35 mm and 16 mm film to allow for frame-by-frame specific identification . 
A Keyword is a word or concept with special significance , in JJ any word used as the key to a code or used in a reference work to link to other words or other information . 
The Khazars were a semi-nomadic Turkic people who dominated the Pontic steppe and the North Caucasus from the 7th to the 10th century CE . 
In computer performance testing , Khornerstone is a JJ benchmark from Workstation Labs used in various periodicals . 
In martial arts , combat sports or violence , a Kick is a strike using the foot , leg , or knee ( RB known as a knee strike ) . 
A Kilobyte ( derived from the SI prefix kilo- , meaning 1,000 ) is a unit of information or computer storage JJ to either 1,024 bytes ( 2 10 ) or 1,000 bytes ( 10 3 ) , depending on context . 
The Kilogram or kilogramme ( symbol : kg ) is the base unit of mass in the International System of Units ( known RB by its French-language initials SI) ) . 
The Kilt is a JJ garment of Scotland and , RBR RB , Celtic ( JJR specifically Gaelic ) culture typically worn by men . 
In the Mediterranean Basin and the Near East , a Kiosk ( Persian کوشک Kushk ; Arabic كشك Koshk ; Turkish köşk ; French Kiosque ; German Kiosk ; Polish Kiosk ; Portuguese Quiosque ; Romanian chioşc ; and Spanish Quiosco or kiosco ) is a small , JJ garden pavilion JJ on some or all sides . 
A Kipper is a whole herring that has been split from tail to head , gutted , salted , and cold smoked . 
The Kipsigis was a pastoralist ethnic group in Kenya , speaking the Kipsigis language . RB the community practises farming and they are famously known for growing Kenyan " green gold " - tea . 
A Kistvaen is a stone coffin , RB JJ , derived from the Celtic cist ( chest ) and maen ( stone ) . 
The Kitáb-i-Aqdas- is a central book of the Bahá'í Faith written by Bahá'u'lláh , the founder of the religion . 
A Kiwi is any of the species of JJ birds endemic to New Zealand of the genus Apteryx ( the only genus in family Apterygidae ) . 
The Kiwifruit ( or kiwi ) is the JJ berry of a cultivar group of the woody vine Actinidia deliciosa and hybrids between this and other species in the genus Actinidia . 
The Klamath are a Native American tribe of the Plateau culture area in Southern Oregon . 
A Kludge ( or , RB , kluge ) is a JJ or inelegant solution to a problem or difficulty . 
Knitting is a method by which thread or yarn may be turned into cloth . 
A Knockout ( also referred to as a K. O. ) is a winning criterion in several full-contact combat sports , JJ as boxing , kickboxing , Muay Thai , JJ martial arts and others sports involving striking . 
A Knot is a method for fastening or securing linear material JJ as rope by tying or interweaving . 
A Knout ( /ˈnaʊt/ ) is a heavy scourge-like multiple whip , RB made of a bunch of rawhide thongs attached to a RB handle , RB with metal wire or hooks incorporated . 
A Knowbot is a kind of bot that collects information by automatically gathering certain specified information from web sites . 
The Koala ( Phascolarctos cinereus ) is a thickset JJ marsupial herbivore native to Australia , and the only extant representative of the family Phascolarctidae . 
The Komondor ( lat . Canis familiaris pastorialis villosus hungaricus ) is a livestock guardian dog breed RB from Hungary . 
The Kora is a 21-string harp-lute used RB by peoples in West Africa . 
Kraftwerk , released in 1970 , and Kraftwerk 2 , released in 1972 , were mostly exploratory jam music , played on a variety of traditional instruments including guitar , bass , drums , electric organ , flute and violin . 
In Polish , Kraków is an JJ possessive form of Krak and RB means " Krak 's ( town ) " . 
A Krugerrand is a South African gold coin , RB minted in 1967 in order to help market South African gold . 
The word Kryptonite is also used in speech as a synonym for Achilles ' heel , the one weakness of an otherwise invulnerable hero . 
The Kurfürstendamm , known RB as the Ku'damm , is one of the most JJ avenues in Berlin , Germany . 
Kutia is RB the first dish in the traditional twelve-dish Christmas Eve supper ( RB known as Svyateh Vetchnyat ) . 
A Künstlerroman ( /ˈkʏnstlɐ.ʁoˌmaːn/ , German : " artist 's novel " ) is a specific sub-genre of Bildungsroman ; it is a novel about an artist 's growth to maturity . 
A Kōan ( /ˈkoʊ.ɑːn/ ; Japanese : kōan , Chinese : 公案 n , Korean : JJ , JJ : công-án ) is a story , dialogue , question , or statement in the history and lore of Chán ( Zen ) Buddhism , generally containing aspects that are JJ to rational understanding , RB may be JJ to intuition . 
In Greek mythology , the Labyrinth ( Greek λαβύρινθος ; labyrinthos ) was an JJ structure designed and built by the legendary artificer Daedalus for King Minos of Crete at Knossos . 
Laconia ( Λακωνία ) , RB known as Lacedaemonia , is a prefecture in Greece . 
A Lake ( from Latin lacus ) is a terrain feature ( or physical feature ) that is an considerable RB body of water , RB part of the ocean , that is larger and deeper than a pond , and may or may not be moving RB , and is localized to the bottom of basin ( another type of landform or terrain feature)an is fed by a river . 
LambdaMOO is an JJ community of the variety called a MOO . 
Landscape-assessment is a sub-category of environmental assessment ( or EIA ) concerned with quality assessment of the landscape . 
A Language is a dynamic set of JJ , JJ , or tactile symbols of communication and the elements used to manipulate them . 
The Laurales are an order of flowering plants . 
Law is the system of rules of conduct established by the sovereign government of a society to correct wrongs , maintain stability , and deliver justice . 
Lego , officially trademarked Lego , is a line of construction toys manufactured by the Lego Group , a privately held company based in Denmark . 
In mathematics , a Lemma ( plural lemmata or lemmas ; from the Greek λήμμα , " lemma " meaning " anything which is received , such as a gift , profit , or a bribe . " ) is a proven proposition which is used as a stepping stone to a larger result RB than as a statement JJ itself . 
Lempo is a sort of fiend from Finnish folklore and mythology , who appears in the Kalevala . 
A Lens is an optical device with perfect or approximate axial symmetry which transmits and refracts JJ , converging or diverging the beam . 
The Leonids are a JJ meteor shower associated with the comet Tempel-Tuttle . 
In Classical Greek , Lethe ( /ˈlɛːtʰɛː/ ; /ˈliθi/ ) RB means forgetfulness " or " concealment " . 
A Letter is a written message from one person to another . 
The Levant ( /ləˈvænt/ ) is a geographical term that denotes a large area in Western Asia , roughly bounded on the north by the Taurus Mountains , on the south by the Arabian Desert , and on the west by the Mediterranean Sea , while on the east it extends into Upper Mesopotamia ; RB , some definitions include nearly all of Mesopotamia . 
A Lexeme is an abstract unit of morphological analysis in linguistics , that roughly corresponds to a set of forms taken by a single word . 
A Lexicographer is a person devoted to the study of lexicography , RB an author of a dictionary . 
The Lhop or Doya are a JJ tribe of southwest Bhutan . 
A Library is a collection of information , sources , resources , and services : it is organized for use and maintained by a public body , an institution , or a private individual . 
In the context of a fluid flow JJ to a body , the Lift-force is the vector components of the aerodynamic force that is JJ to the flow direction . 
In anatomy , the term Ligament is used to denote three different types of structures : Fibrous tissue that connects bones to other bones . 
In chemistry , a Ligand is RB an atom , ion , or molecule ( see RB : functional group ) that bonds to a central metal , RB involving formal donation of one or more of its electrons . 
In biochemistry , a Ligase ( from the Latin verb ligāre - " to bind " or " to glue RB " ) is an enzyme that can catalyse the joining of the sugar phosphate backbones of Okazaki fragments of DNA . 
In a scientific context , the word Light is sometimes used to refer to the entire electromagnetic spectrum . 
A Lighthouse is a tower , building , or framework designed to emit light from a system of lamps and lenses or , in older times , from a fire and used as an aid to navigation and to pilots at sea . 
In Roman Catholic theology , Limbo ( Latin limbus , edge or boundary , referring to the " edge " of Hell ) is a JJ afterlife condition of those who die in original sin without being assigned to the Hell of the damned ( gehenna ) . 
In mathematics , the concept of a " Limit " is used to describe the behavior of a function as its argument either " gets close " to some point , or as the argument becomes RB JJ . 
In computer science , a Linker or link editor is a program that takes one or more objects generated by compilers and assembles them into a single executable program . 
In computer programming , Lint was the name originally given to a particular program that flagged suspicious and non-portable constructs ( JJ to be bugs ) in C language source code . 
A Liqueur is a sweet alcoholic beverage , RB flavored with fruits , herbs , spices , flowers , seeds , roots , plants , barks , and RB cream . 
Lisp is a family of computer programming languages with a long history and a distinctive , fully parenthesized syntax . 
The Litre or liter ( see spelling differences ) is a unit of volume . 
Titus Livius ( traditionally 59 BC - AD 17 ) , known as Livy in English , was a Roman historian who wrote a monumental history of Rome , Ab Urbe Condita , from its founding ( traditionally dated to 753 BC ) through the reign of Augustus in Livy 's own time . 
The Llama ( Lama glama ) is a South American camelid , RB used as a pack animal by the Incas and other natives of the Andes mountains . 
Lleida ( Standard Central Catalan /ˈʎejðə/ or North-Western Catalan /ˈʎejðɛ/ ; Castillian Lérida /ˈleɾiða/ , RB RB referred as Lleida ) is a city in the west of Catalonia , Spain . 
The Loa ( RB Lwa or L'wha ) are the spirits of the Vodou religion practiced in Haiti , and other parts of the world . 
A Loch ( RB Lough as a name element outside Scotland ) is a body of water which is RB a lake or a sea inlet , which may be RB a firth , fjord , estuary or bay . 
A Locomotive is a railway vehicle that provides the motive power for a train . 
The word Locus ( plural loci ) is JJ for " place " . 
In mathematics , the Logarithm of a number to a given base is the power or exponent to which the base must be raised in order to produce the number . 
Loglan is a constructed language originally designed for linguistic research , RB for investigating the Sapir-Whorf Hypothesis . 
The Lombards ( Latin Langobardi , RB the alternative names Langobards and Longobards ) were a Germanic people RB from Northern Europe who settled in the valley of the Danube and from there invaded Byzantine Italy in 568 under the leadership of Alboin . 
As an abstract concept Love RB refers to a strong , JJ feeling towards another person . 
RB , Luftwaffe is RB the name of the Swiss Air Force in German ( Forces aériennes suisses in French and Forze Aeree Svizzere in JJ ) . 
A Lunatic ( RB : " JJ " or " loon " ) is a commonly used term for a person who is RB RB , dangerous , foolish or unpredictable : a condition RB called lunacy . 
The Lupercal ( " lupa " , Latin for she-wolf ) is a cave at the foot of the Palatine Hill in Rome , between the Temple of Apollo Palatinus and the Basilica of Santa Anastasia . 
The Lupercalia was a RB JJ , possibly pre-Roman pastoral festival , observed on February 13 through February 15 to avert evil spirits and purify the city , releasing health and fertility . 
Lusitania was an ancient Roman province including RB RB of modern Portugal south of the Douro river , and part of modern Spain ( the present autonomous community of Extremadura and a small part of the province of Salamanca ) . 
A Lynx is any of four medium-sized wild cats . 
In physics , M-theory is a proposal that unifies the five ten-dimensional superstring theories as limits of a single 11-dimensional theory . 
In cryptography , MD5 ( Message-Digest algorithm 5 ) is a widely used , partially insecure cryptographic hash function with a 128-bit hash value . 
Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions ( MIME ) is an Internet standard that extends the format of e-mail to support text in character sets JJ than US-ASCII ; non-text attachments ; message bodies with multiple parts ; and header information in non-ASCII character sets . 
ML refers to Major League Baseball . 
MMIX ( pronounced em-mix ) is a 64-bit RISC instruction set architecture ( ISA ) designed by Donald Knuth , with significant contributions by John L. Hennessy ( who contributed to the design of the MIPS processor ) and Richard . 
JJ Layer 3 , more commonly referred to as MP3 , is a digital JJ encoding format using a form of lossy data compression . 
A MUSH ( RB said to be an abbreviation for Multi-User Shared Hack , Habitat , Holodeck , or Hallucination , though these are backronyms ) is a text-based JJ social medium to which multiple users are connected at the same time . 
The Macau Special Administrative Region , commonly known as Macau or Macao ( 澳門 , 澳门 ) , is one of the two special administrative regions of the People 's Republic of China , the other being Hong Kong . 
The Machete ( /məˈʃɛti/ ) is a large cleaver-like cutting tool . 
A Macro in computer science is a rule or pattern that specifies how a certain input sequence ( RB a sequence of characters ) should be mapped to an output sequence ( RB RB a sequence of characters ) according to a defined procedure . 
A Macron , from JJ lang ( μακρόν ) meaning " long " , is a diacritic placed over or under a vowel which was originally used to mark a long ( i. e. heavy ) syllable in GrÃƒâˆžÃ‚Å“co-Roman metrics , but has now been taken RB to indicate that the vowel is JJ . 
The Mafia ( also known as Cosa Nostra ) is a Sicilian criminal secret society which is believed to have first developed in the mid-19th century in Sicily . 
In physics , Magnetism is one of the phenomena by which materials exert attractive or repulsive forces on other materials . 
A Magnetosphere is the region around an astronomical object in which phenomena are dominated or organized by its magnetic field . 
The Mahābhārata ( Devanāgarī : महाभारत ) is one of the two major Sanskrit mythological epics of ancient India , the other being the Rāmāyaṇa . 
The Main ( /ˈmaɪn/ ) is a river in Germany , 524 km ( 329 miles ) RB ( including White Main , 574 km ( 357 mi ) ) , and it is one of the more significant tributaries of the Rhine . 
The Maldives ( or Maldive Islands ) ( /ˈmɒldaɪvz/ or /ˈmɒldiːvz/ ) , RB the Republic of Maldives , is an island nation consisting of a group of atolls in the Indian Ocean . 
Mallow refers to the Malvi language of the Malwa region of India . 
The word Mambo ( which means conversation with the gods ) is the name of a priestess in Haitian Voodoo . 
A Mammoth is any species of the extinct genus Mammuthus . 
A Mandolin is a musical instrument in the lute family ( plucked , or strummed ) . 
A Manhattan is a cocktail made with whiskey , sweet vermouth , ice , and bitters . 
A Manifesto is a public declaration of principles and intentions , RB political in nature , but may also be life stance related . 
Manorialism or Seigneurialism was the organizing principle of rural economy and society widely practiced in medieval western and parts of central Europe . 
A Map is a visual representation of an area . 
The Maquis were a JJ group in the Star Trek universe who were introduced in the television series , RB appearing in the second season episode " The Maquis Part I " , which premiered on April 24 , . 
The Marcomanni were a JJ tribe , RB related to the Buri , Suebi or Suevi . 
The Maremma is an area in Italy , consisting of part of southern Tuscany ( and partly JJ with province of Grosseto area ) and some part of northern Lazio ( a bordering region of the province of Viterbo ) . 
A Maser is a device that produces coherent electromagnetic waves through amplification JJ to stimulated emission . 
A Mathematician is a person whose primary area of study and research is the field of mathematics . 
In science , Matter is commonly defined as the substance of which physical objects are composed , RB counting the contribution of various energy or force-fields , which are not usually considered to be matter per se ( though they may contribute to the mass of objects ) . 
A Maze is a complex tour puzzle in the form of a complex branching passage through which the solver must find a route . 
In biology or life science , Meiosis ( pronounced my-oh-sis ) is a process of reduction division in which the number of chromosomes per cell is cut in half . 
Memetics is a neo-Darwinian approach to evolutionary models of cultural information transfer based on the concept of the meme . 
The Memex ( a portmanteau of " memory extender " ) is the name given by Vannevar Bush to the JJ proto-hypertext computer system he proposed in his 1945 The Atlantic Monthly article As We May Think . 
The Menorah ( Hebrew : מְנוֹרָה‎ /mənoːˈɾaː/ ) , is a seven branched candelabrum and has been a symbol of Judaism for almost 3000 years . 
In particle physics , a Meson is a RB interacting boson - that is , a hadron with integer spin . 
In philosophy , Meta-ethics ( sometimes called " analytic ethics " ) is the branch of ethics that seeks to understand the nature of ethical properties , and ethical statements , attitudes , and judgments . 
In chemistry , a Metal ( Greek : Metallon ) is defined as an element that RB loses electrons to form positive ions ( cations ) and forms metallic bonds between other metal atoms ( forming ionic bonds with non-metals ) . 
A Metallocene is a compound with the general formula ( C < ; 5 < ; R < ; 5 < ; ) < ; 2 < ; M consisting of two cyclopentadienyl anions ( Cp ) bound to a metal center in the oxidation state II . 
A Meteorite is a natural object originating in outer space that survives an impact with the Earth 's surface . 
In poetry , the Meter or metre is the basic rhythmic structure of a verse . 
A Metropolis ( in Greek μήτηρ , mētēr meaning 'mother ' and JJ , pólis meaning 'city/ town ' ) is a JJ city , in most cases with over half a million inhabitants in the city JJ , and with a population of at least one million living in its urban agglomeration . 
A Microassembler ( sometimes called a meta-assembler ) is a computer program that helps prepare a microprogram to control the low level operation of a computer in much the same way an assembler helps prepare higher level code for a processor . 
A Microcontroller ( RB MCU or µC ) is a computer-on-a-chip , containing a processor , memory , and input/ output functions . 
Microelectronics is a term RB used to describe the design and manufacture of hybrid microcircuits or hybrid integrated circuit . 
A Microgyrus is an area of the cerebral cortex that includes only four cortical layers RB of six . 
A Microlith is a small stone tool , RB knapped of flint or chert , RB about three centimetres long or less ; They are RB one centimetre RB CC half a centimetre RB when finished . 
A Micrometre ( American spelling : micrometer ; symbol μm ) is one millionth of a metre , or RB one JJ of a millimetre . 
A Microorganism ( RB can be spelled as micro organism or micro-organism ) or microbe is an organism that is JJ ( too small to be seen by the naked human eye ) . 
The Microvision was a JJ game console released by the Milton Bradley Company in . 
The term Midrash can also refer to a compilation of homiletic teachings ( commentaries ) on the Tanakh ( Hebrew Bible ) , in the form of legal and ritual ( Halakha ) and legendary , moralizing , folkloristic , and anecdotal ( Aggadah ) parts . 
The term Militia is commonly used today to refer to a military force composed of ordinary citizens to provide defense , emergency law enforcement , or paramilitary service , in times of emergency without being paid a regular salary or committed to a fixed term of service . 
Millennialism ( from millennium , Latin for " thousand years " ) , or chiliasm in Greek , is RB a belief expressed in some Christian denominations , and literature , that there will be a Golden Age or Paradise on Earth WRB " Christ will reign " JJ to the final judgment and future eternal state , primarily derived from the book of bibleverse . 
A Mineral is a RB occurring substance formed through geological processes that has a characteristic chemical composition , a highly ordered atomic structure and specific physical properties . 
A Mineraloid is a mineral-like substance that does RB demonstrate crystallinity . 
A Miniature is a small-scale reproduction , or a small variation . 
A Minicomputer ( RB , mini ) is a class of multi-user computers that lies in the middle range of the computing spectrum , in between the largest multi-user systems ( mainframe computers ) and the smallest single-user systems ( microcomputers or personal computers ) . 
A Minivan , multi-purpose vehicle ( abbreviated MPV ) , people-carrier , people-mover or multi-utility vehicle ( shortened MUV ) is a type of automobile similar in shape to a van that is designed for personal use . 
In Greek mythology , Minos ( ancient Greek : Μίνως ) was a mythical king of Crete , son of Zeus and Europa . 
In Greek mythology , the Minotaur ( Greek : JJ ) was a creature that was part man and part bull . 
A Minute is a unit of measurement of time or of angle . 
The Miocene is a period of time that extends from about 23.03 to 5.33 million years before the present . 
A Mirror is an object with a surface that has good specular reflection ; that is , it is JJ RB to form an image . 
A Missile ( see RB pronunciation differences ) is a JJ , explosive projectile used as a weapon towards a target . 
The Mississippian was a subperiod of the Carboniferous period lasting from roughly 359 to 318 Ma ( million years ago ) . 
In cell biology , a Mitochondrion ( plural mitochondria ) is a membrane-enclosed organelle found in most eukaryotic cells . 
Richard Melville Hall , RB known as Moby ( born September 11 , 1965 in Harlem , New York ) is an American DJ , songwriter , musician and singer . 
A Model is a pattern , plan , representation ( RB in miniature ) , or description designed to show the main object or workings of an object , system , or concept . 
In telecommunications , Modulation is the process of varying a periodic waveform . 
The word Mojito is the diminutive of the word mojo . 
In chemistry , a Molecule is defined as a sufficiently stable electrically neutral group of at least two atoms in a definite arrangement held RB by very strong chemical bonds . 
A Monarchy is a form of government in which an individual rules as head of state , RB for life or until abdication , and " is wholly set RB from all other members of the state . " The person who heads a monarchy is called a monarch . 
In abstract algebra , a branch of mathematics , a Monoid is an algebraic structure with a single , associative binary operation and an identity element . 
A Monomer ( from Greek mono " one " and meros " part " ) is a JJ molecule that may become chemically bonded to other monomers to form a polymer . 
In poetry , a Monometer is a line of verse with just one metrical foot , exemplified by this portion of Robert Herrick 's " Upon His Departure RB " . 
A Monorail is a transportation system based on a single beam . 
In theology , Monotheism ( from Greek lang " one " and lang " god " ) is the belief in the existence of one deity , or in the oneness of God . 
In J. R. R. Tolkien 's fictional universe of Middle-earth , Mordor ( from Sindarin Black Land and Quenya Land of Shadow ) is the dwelling place of Sauron , in the southeast of Middle-earth to the East of Anduin , the great river . 
The Morona is a tributary to the Amazon River , and flows JJ to the Pastaza and RB to the west of it , and is the last stream of any importance on the northern side of the Amazon before reaching the Pongo de Manseriche . 
In morpheme-based morphology , a Morpheme is the smallest linguistic unit that has semantic meaning . 
In mathematics , a Morphism is an abstraction derived from structure-preserving mappings between two mathematical structures . 
Entering dictionaries after World War II , the word Motel , an abbreviation of motor and hotel or motorists ' hotel , referred RB to a type of hotel in Columbia , MD of a single building of connected rooms whose doors faced a parking lot and , in some circumstances , a common area ; or a series of small cabins with common parking . 
A Motherboard is the central or primary printed circuit board ( PCB ) making up a complex electronic system , JJ as a modern computer . 
In physics , Motion means a JJ change in the location of a body . 
A Motorcycle or motorbike is a single-track , two-wheeled motor vehicle powered by an engine . 
In computing , a Mouse ( plural mouses , mice , or mouse devices ) is a pointing device that functions by detecting two-dimensional motion JJ to its supporting surface . 
A Mouse ( plural mice ) is a JJ animal that belongs to one of numerous species of rodents . 
A Mudpot , mud pool or paint pot is a sort of hot spring or fumarole consisting of a pool of usually bubbling mud . 
A Multihull is a ship or boat with more than one hull . 
Multimedia ( as an adjective ) RB describes electronic media devices used to store and experience multimedia content . 
Multiple-morbidities is a term which means co-occurring diseases . 
The Multiverse ( or meta-universe ) is the hypothetical set of multiple possible universes ( including our universe ) that RB comprise RB of reality . 
A Multivibrator is an electronic circuit used to implement a variety of simple two-state systems JJ as oscillators , timers and flip-flops . 
A Mummy is a corpse whose skin and dried flesh have been preserved by either intentional or incidental exposure to chemicals , extreme cold , very low humidity , or lack of air when bodies are submerged in bogs . 
A Municipality is an administrative entity composed of a RB defined territory and its population and RB denotes a city , town , or village , or a small grouping of them . 
Murakami ( 村上 " upper village " ) is a Japanese surname . 
A Mural is a painting on a wall , ceiling , or other large permanent surface . 
A Mushroom is the fleshy , spore-bearing fruiting body of a fungus , RB produced above ground on soil or on its food source . 
A Muslim ( /ˈmʊslɨm/ ) is an adherent of the religion of Islam . 
In biology , a Mutagen ( Latin , RB origin of change ) is a physical or chemical agent that changes the genetic information ( RB DNA ) of an organism and RB increases the frequency of mutations above the natural background level . 
The term Myriad is a progression in the commonly used system of describing numbers using tens and hundreds . 
The Myrtales are an order of flowering plants placed as a basal group within the rosid group of dicotyledons ( RB a member of eurosids I or eurosids II ) . 
The Mórrígan ( " terror " or " phantom queen " ) or Morrígan ( " great queen " ) ( also known as Morrígu , Morríghan , Mór-Ríoghain , sometimes given in the plural as Morrígna ) is a figure from Irish mythology who appears to have once been a goddess , although she is not explicitly referred to as such in the texts . 
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) ; Organisation du TraitÃƒâˆžÃ‚Â© de l'Atlantique Nord ( OTAN ) ; ( RB called the North Atlantic Alliance , the Atlantic Alliance , or the Western Alliance ) is a military alliance established by the signing of the North Atlantic Treaty on 4 April . 
In computational complexity theory , NP is one of the most JJ complexity classes . 
In engineering , woodworking and construction , a Nail is a pin-shaped , sharp object of hard metal , RB steel , used as a fastener . 
In general , a Namespace is an abstract container providing context for the items ( names , or technical terms , or words ) it holds and allowing disambiguation of items having the same name ( residing in different namespaces ) . 
In computing , Nano is a curses-based text editor for Unix and Unix-like systems . 
A Nanometre ( American spelling : nanometer , symbol nm ) ( Greek : JJ , nanos , dwarf ; μέτρον , count ) is a unit of length in the metric system , JJ to one billionth of a metre ( i. e. , one millionth of a millimetre ) . 
The Naraoiidae is a family of soft-shelled trilobite-like arthropods that are known RB from the early and middle Cambrian -- RB from the Burgess Shale of British Columbia and the Maotianshan Shale of China . 
In Greek mythology , Narcissus , Narkissos or The Self-Admirer ( Greek : JJ ) was a hero of the territory of Thespiae in Boeotia who was renowned for his beauty . 
A Nation is a human cultural and social community . 
A Navy is the branch of a country 's military forces principally designated for naval warfare and amphibious warfare RB JJ or ocean-borne combat operations and related functions . 
A Nebula ( from Latin : " mist " ; pl . nebulae or nebulÃƒâˆžÃ‚Å“ , with ligature or nebulas ) is an JJ cloud of dust , hydrogen gas and plasma . 
The Necronomicon is a JJ book appearing in the stories by horror novelist H. P. Lovecraft . 
Negotiation is a dialogue intended to resolve disputes , to produce an agreement upon courses of action , to bargain for individual or collective advantage , or to craft outcomes to satisfy various interests . 
The term Negro , literally meaning " black " , was used by the Spanish and JJ to refer to people . 
The Neogene is a geologic period and system starting 23.03 ± 0.05 million years RB and lasting RB until today or ending 2.588 million years RB with the beginning of the Quaternary . 
The Neolithic ( from Greek JJ , from νέος neos , " JJ " + λίθος RB , " stone " ) or " New " Stone Age , was a period in the development of human technology beginning about 10,000 B. . 
Neopets ' ( RB Neopets ) is a JJ pet website launched by Adam Powell and Donna Williams on 15 November . 
A Nerve is an enclosed , cable-like bundle of axons ( the long , slender projection of a neuron ) . 
Neuro-linguistic-programming is a technique WRB an undesirable behavior or trait is conferred a positive intention . 
Neuroscience RB includes all JJ studies involving the nervous system . 
A Newspaper is a written publication containing news , information and advertising , usually printed on low-cost paper called newsprint . 
Nichiren was a Buddhist monk of 13th century Japan . 
The Nile ( النيل‎ , Ancient Egyptian iteru or Ḥ'pī , Coptic piaro or phiaro ) is a major north-flowing river in Africa , generally regarded as the longest river in the world . 
In inorganic chemistry , a Nitrate is a salt of nitric acid with an ion composed of one nitrogen and three oxygen atoms ( NO 3 ) . 
The Nomenklatura were a small , elite subset of the general population in the Soviet Union who held various key administrative positions in all spheres of the Soviet Union : government , industry , agriculture , education , . 
Nomic RB refers to a large number of games based on the initial ruleset laid out by Peter Suber in his book . 
The term Nori is also commonly used to refer to the food products created from these " sea vegetables " , similar to the Korean gim . 
The Normans were the people who gave their names to Normandy , a region in northern France . 
The Norns ( Old Norse : JJ , JJ : nornir ) are a kind of dísir , numerous female beings who rule the fates of the various races of Norse mythology ( see : The Fates ) . 
Nortel Networks Corporation ( NT NT ) , RB known as Northern Telecom Limited and sometimes known RB as Nortel , is a JJ telecommunications equipment manufacturer headquartered in Toronto , Canada . 
A Nova ( pl . novae ) is a JJ nuclear explosion caused by the accretion of hydrogen onto the surface of a white dwarf star . 
A Novel ( from , Italian novella , Spanish novela , French nouvelle for " new " , " news " , or " short story of something JJ " ) is RB a RB JJ , JJ , prose narrative . 
In physics a Nucleon is a collective name for : the neutron and the proton . 
A Nutcracker is a mechanical device for cracking nuts . 
The Nürburgring , known as simply " the Ring " by enthusiasts , is a motorsport race track in NÃƒâˆžÃ‚Ï€rburg , Germany . 
The word Occult comes from the Latin word occultus ( clandestine , JJ , JJ ) , referring to " knowledge of the hidden " . 
An Ocean ( from Greek JJ , Okeanos ( Oceanus ) ) is a major body of saline water , and a principal component of the hydrosphere . 
The city of Odense ( Danish , /ˈoðˀn̩sə/ ) is the third largest city in Denmark . 
The Ohio-class is a class of nuclear-powered submarines used by the United States Navy . 
The Okapi ( Okapia johnstoni ) is a mammal living in the Ituri Rainforest in the north east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in central Africa . 
The Oligocene is a geologic period that extends from about 33.9 million to 23 million years before the present . 
An Oligopoly is a market form in which a market or industry is dominated by a small number of sellers ( oligopolists ) . 
An Oncogene is a protein encoding gene , which - when deregulated - participates in the onset and development of cancer . 
In more general terms , Ontogeny is defined as the history of structural change in a unity , which can be a cell , an organism , or a society of organisms , without the loss of the organization that allows that unity to exist ( Maturana and Varela , 1987 , p. 74 ) . 
In philosophy , Ontology ( from the Greek ὄν , genitive ὄντος : of being ( part . of εἶναι : to be ) and JJ : science , study , theory ) is the most fundamental branch of metaphysics . 
In mathematics , an Operand is one of the inputs ( arguments ) of an operator . 
In medicine , the term Opiate describes any of the narcotic alkaloids found in opium , RB RB as any derivatives of such alkaloids . 
An Oracle is a person or agency considered to be a source of wise counsel or prophetic opinion ; an infallible authority , RB JJ in nature . 
An Ore is a volume of rock containing components or minerals in a mode of occurrence that renders it JJ for mining . 
In cell biology , an Organelle ( pronunciation : /ɔrɡəˈnɛl/ ) is a specialized subunit within a cell that has a specific function , and is separately enclosed within its own lipid membrane . 
In biology , an Organism is an individual living system ( JJ as animal , plant , fungus , or micro-organism ) . 
An Orgasm ( sexual climax ) is the conclusion of the plateau phase of the sexual response cycle , and may be experienced by both males and females . 
The Oromo are an African ethnic group found in Ethiopia and to a lesser extent in Kenya . 
The Ostrich ( Struthio camelus ) is a large JJ bird JJ to Africa ( and RB the Middle East ) . 
The Ostrogoths ( Ostrogothi or Austrogothi ) were a branch of the Goths , an East Germanic tribe that played a major role in the political events of the late Roman Empire . 
An Ovary is an ovum-producing reproductive organ found in female organisms . 
An Ovum ( plural ova ) is a haploid female reproductive cell or gamete . 
The University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge , RB known as Oxbridge , are the two oldest and most JJ universities in Britain . 
An Oxymoron ( plural oxymorons or , RBR RB , oxymora ) is a figure of speech that combines two RB contradictory terms . 
Ozymandias was another name of Ramesses the Great , Pharaoh of the nineteenth dynasty of ancient Egypt . 
The PC-FX is a video game console released in Japan on December 23 1994 by NEC Corporation . 
The PDP-1 ( 'Programmed Data Processor-1 ' ) was the RB computer in Digital Equipment Corporation 's PDP series and was RB produced in . 
The PDP-10 was a mainframe computer manufactured by Digital Equipment Corporation ( DEC ) from the late 1960s on ; the name stands for " Programmed Data Processor model 10 " . 
The PDP-8 was the first successful commercial minicomputer , produced by Digital Equipment Corporation ( DEC ) in the 1960s . 
In computational complexity theory , PLS , which stands for Polynomial Local Search , is a syntactic subclass of TFNP . 
A Palace is a JJ residence , RB the home of a head of state or some other high-ranking public figure . 
The Paleocene or Palaeocene , " early dawn of the recent " , is a geologic epoch that lasted from 65.5 ± 0.3 Ma to 55.8 ± 0.2 Ma ( million years ago ) . 
The Paleozoic or Palaeozoic Era ( from the Greek palaio , " JJ " and zoe , " life " , meaning " ancient life " ) is the earliest of three geologic eras of the Phanerozoic eon . 
A Pandemic ( from Greek πᾶν pan all + δῆμος demos people ) is an epidemic of infectious disease that spreads through human populations across a large region , for example a continent , or RB RB . 
Panga is the common South African name for Pterogymnus laniarius , a small ocean-dwelling fish , JJ to the south-east Atlantic Ocean and south-west Indian Ocean . 
A Pantograph ( from Greek roots παντ- 'all , every ' and γραφ- 'to write ' , from their original use for copying writing ) is a mechanical linkage connected in a special manner based on parallelograms RB that they move in a fixed relationship to each other . 
The Pantoum is a form of poetry JJ to a villanelle . 
In mathematics , the Parabola ( /pəˈræbələ/ , from the Greek παραβολή ) is a conic section generated by the intersection of a right circular conical surface and a plane parallel to a generating straight line of that surface . 
A Parade ( also called march or marchpast ) is a procession of people , RB organized along a street , RB in costume , and often accompanied by marching bands , floats or sometimes large balloons . 
A Paradox can be an RB true statement or group of statements that leads to a contradiction or a situation which defies intuition ; or it can be , RB JJ , an apparent contradiction that RB expresses a non-dual truth ( cf . Koan ) . 
In chemistry , Paraffin is the common name for the alkane hydrocarbons with the general formula . 
In geometry , a Parallelepiped ( RB RB JJ ; RB /ˌpærəlɛlˈʔɛpɪpɛd/ in accordance with its etymology in Greek παραλληλ-επίπεδον , a body " having parallel planes " ) is a JJ figure formed by six parallelograms . 
Paralysis is the JJ loss of muscle function for one or more muscle groups . 
In mathematics , statistics , and the mathematical sciences , a Parameter ( auxiliary measure ) is a quantity that defines certain characteristics of systems or functions . 
RB in common usage , the term Paranoia is misused to describe a phobia . 
A Parish is a type of administrative subdivision . 
A Parliament is a legislature , RB in those countries whose system of government is based on the Westminster system modelled after that of the United Kingdom . 
The Parsec ( " parallax of one arcsecond " , symbol pc ) is a unit of length , equal to RB over 30 trillion kilometres , or about 3.3 light years . 
In Greek mythology , Pasiphaë« ( English /pəˈsɪfə.iː/ , Greek : Πασιφάη ; Pasipháē ) , " wide-shining " was the daughter of Helios , the Sun , by the eldest of the Oceanids , Perse ; Like her doublet Europa , her origins were in the East , in her case at Colchis , the palace of the Sun ; she was given in marriage to King Minos of Crete . 
A Passport is a document , issued by a national government , which certifies , for the purpose of international travel , the identity and nationality of the holder of the passport . 
The word , Pasta , can also denote dishes in which pasta products are the primary ingredient , served with sauce or seasonings . 
A Pathogen ( from Greek pathos , suffering/ emotion , and gene , to give birth to ) , infectious agent , or RBR RB germ , is a biological agent that causes disease or illness to its host . 
Pawpaw ( Asimina ) is a genus of eight or nine species of JJ trees with large leaves and fruit , JJ to eastern North America . 
Peisistratos or Peisistratus or Pisistratus ( in Greek , Πεισίστρατος ; ) , RB paɪˈsɪstrətəs in English , is the name of several personalities of the ancient Greek world . 
Pentium refers to Intel 's single-core x86 microprocessor based on the P5 fifth-generation microarchitecture . 
A Pentomino is a polyomino composed of five ( Greek πέντε / pente ) congruent squares , connected RB . 
A Pentose is a monosaccharide with five carbon atoms . 
Peptidoglycan , RB known as murein , is a polymer consisting of sugars and amino acids that forms a mesh-like layer outside the plasma membrane of eubacteria ( cell-wall ) . 
In psychology and the cognitive sciences , Perception is the process of attaining awareness or understanding of sensory information . 
The Perciformes , RB called the Percomorphi or Acanthopteri , include about 40 % of all bony fish and are the largest order of vertebrates . 
Pergamon or Pergamum ( Greek : Πέργαμος JJ ) was an ancient Greek city in modern-day Turkey , in Mysia , north-western Anatolia , 16 miles from the Aegean Sea , located on a promontory on the north side of the river Caicus ( modern day BakÃƒâ‰¥Ã‚Â±rÃƒâˆžÃ‚Â§ay ) , that became the capital of the Kingdom of Pergamon during the Hellenistic period , under the Attalid dynasty , 281 - 133 BC . 
The Perimeter is the distance around a given two-dimensional object . 
The Permian is a geologic period and system that extends from 299.0 ± 0.8 Ma to 251.0 ± 0.4 Ma ( million years before the present ) ICS . 
Personalty is a taxation term which means personal property . 
A Pet or companion animal is an animal kept for companionship and enjoyment , as opposed to livestock , laboratory animals , working animals or sport animals , which are kept for economic reasons . 
A Petabyte ( derived from the SI prefix peta- ) is a unit of information or computer storage JJ to one quadrillion bytes , or 1000 terabytes . 
Petroleum ( L. Petroleum < Gr . πετρέλαιον lit . " rock oil " was RB used in the treatise De re metallica published in 1556 by the German mineralogist Georg Bauer , known as Georgius Agricola . ) is a naturally occurring , JJ liquid found in rock formations in the Earth consisting of a complex mixture of hydrocarbons of various molecular weights , plus other organic compounds . 
Lophophora williamsii ' ( /loʊˈfɒfərə-wɪlˈjæmsiaɪ/ ) , RBR known by its common name Peyote , CC RB sometimes called Mescal Button or the Divine Cactus , is a small , JJ cactus whose native region extends from the southwestern United States , RB in the southwestern part of Texas , through central Mexico . 
The Phanerozoic ( occasionally Phanaerozoic ) Eon is the current eon in the geologic timescale , and the one during which abundant animal life has existed . 
The Philistines ( Hebrew פְּלִשְׁתִּים‎‎ , Plištim ) ( see " other uses " below ) were a people who inhabited the southern coast of Canaan , their territory being named Philistia in later contexts . 
Within phonetics , a Phone is a speech sound or gesture considered a physical event without regard to its place in the phonology of a language . 
A Phospholipase is an enzyme that converts phospholipids into fatty acids and other lipophilic substances . 
Phosphorus , ( /ˈfɒsfərəs/ ) , is the chemical element that has the symbol P and atomic number . 
A Photograph ( often shortened to photo ) is an image created by light falling on a light-sensitive surface , RB photographic film or an electronic imager JJ as a CCD or a CMOS chip . 
A Physicist is a scientist who studies or practices physics . 
Physics is the science of matter and its motion , RB RB as space and time . 
A Pianist ( /ˈpiːənɨst/ ) is a person who plays the piano . 
The Picts were a confederation of tribes in what RBR was to become central and northern Scotland from Roman times until the 10th century . 
A Pidgin is a simplified language that develops as a means of communication between two or more groups that do RB have a language in common , in situations JJ as trade . 
In religion and spirituality , a Pilgrimage is a RB journey or search of great moral significance . 
Pilsner , RB Pilsener or RB pils , is a pale lager , developed in the 19th century in the city of Pilsen , Bohemia ( Plzeň in the Czech Republic ) . 
A Pilus ( Latin for 'hair ' ; plural : pili ) is a hairlike appendage found on the surface of many bacteria . 
Hanyu means the Chinese language , and Pinyin means spell sound , or the spelling of the sound . 
In digital imaging , a Pixel ( picture element ) is the smallest piece of information in an image . 
The Pixies are an American alternative rock band formed in Boston , Massachusetts in . 
In geography , a Plain is an area of land with relatively low relief meaning that it is JJ . 
Plaintiff ( Π; in legal shorthand ) , RB known as a claimant or complainant , is the party who initiates a lawsuit ( RB known as an action ) before a court . 
Plankton consists of RB drifting organisms ( animals , plants , archaea , or bacteria ) that inhabit the pelagic zone of oceans , seas , or bodies of fresh water . 
The Platypus ( Ornithorhynchus anatinus ) is a semi-aquatic mammal endemic to eastern Australia , including Tasmania . 
Titus Maccius Plautus ( c. 254---184 BCE ) , RB known as Plautus , was a Roman playwright . 
A Play , or stageplay , is a form of literature written by a playwright , almost always consisting of dialogue between fictional characters , intended for theatrical performance RB than reading . 
The PlayStation ( abbreviated PS , PSone , JJ , or RB as PSX ) is a 32-bit fifth generation video game console released by Sony Computer Entertainment in December . 
In legal terms , a Plea is RB an answer to a claim made by someone in a civil or criminal case under common law using the adversary system . 
The Pleistocene ( /ˈplaɪstəsiːn/ ) is the epoch from 1.8 million to 10,000 years BP covering the world 's recent period of repeated glaciations . 
Ploidy is the number of JJ sets of chromosomes in a biological cell . 
A Plotter is a vector graphics printing device that connects to a computer . 
The Plough ( American spelling : plow ; both /ˈplaʊ/ ) is a tool used in farming for initial cultivation of soil in preparation for sowing seed or planting . 
In astronomy , a Plutino is a trans-Neptunian object in 2:3 mean motion resonance with Neptune . 
The word Plutocracy ( Modern Greek : πλουτοκρατία - ploutokratia ) is derived from the ancient Greek root ploutos , meaning wealth and kratein , meaning to rule or to govern . 
A Poet is a person who writes poetry . 
Pollution is the introduction of contaminants into an environment , of whatever predetermined or agreed upon proportions or frame of reference ; these contaminants cause instability , disorder , harm or discomfort to the physical systems or living organisms RB . 
In social anthropology and sociobiology , Polyandry ( Greek : poly- many , andros- man ) refers to a form of polygamous marriage , or other sexual union , in which one woman is married to two or more husbands at the same time . 
In geometry a Polygon ( /ˈpɒlɪɡɒn/ ) is RB a plane figure that is bounded by a closed path or circuit , composed of a finite sequence of straight line segments ( i. e. , by a closed polygonal chain ) . 
A Polyhedron ( plural polyhedra or polyhedrons ) is often defined as a geometric object with flat faces and straight edges . 
A Polymath ( Greek πολυμαθής , polymathēs , " having learned RB " ) is a person with encyclopedic , broad , or varied knowledge or skills . 
A Polymer is a RB molecule ( macromolecule ) composed of repeating structural units connected by covalent chemical bonds . 
In music , Polyphony is a texture consisting of two or more independent melodic voices , RB opposed to music with just one voice ( monophony ) or music with one dominant melodic voice accompanied by chords ( homophony ) . 
The word Pompatus ( RB spelled 'pompitous ' , /ˈpɒmpɨtəs/ ) is a neologism used in the lyrics of Steve Miller 's 1973 rock song " The Joker " . 
Pong is based on the sport of table tennis ( or " ping pong " ) , and named after the sound generated by the circuitry when the ball is hit . 
The Pope ( from Latin : " papa " or " father " from Greek JJ , páppas , " papa " , RB written πάππας , páppas , RB in Odyssey VI.57 ; Papa in Italian ) is the Bishop of Rome , the leader of the Roman Catholic Church and head of state of Vatican City . 
In law , Possession is the control a person RB exercises toward a thing . 
In literary and critical theory , Posthumanism or post-humanism , meaning beyond humanism , is a major European JJ philosophy of the late 20th and early 21st centuries . 
A Postscript ( from post scriptum , a Latin expression meaning " after writing " and abbreviated P. S. ) is a sentence , paragraph , or RB many paragraphs added , RB RB CC RB , after the signature of a letter or ( sometimes ) the main body of an essay or book . 
In physics , Power ( symbol : P ) is the rate at which work is performed or energy is transmitted , or the JJ of energy required or expended for a given unit of time . 
The PowerBook is a line of Macintosh laptop computers that was designed , manufactured and sold by Apple Computer , Inc. from 1991 to . 
Poznań ( Posnania ; Posen ; Poznan ) is a city in west-central Poland with over 567,882 inhabitants ( 2006 ) . 
Predestination may sometimes be used to refer to other , materialistic , spiritualist , JJ or JJ ideas of determinism , destiny , fate , doom , or adrsta . 
A Prefix is the intergal portion of an object ( a word or term ) with a distinct and reused meaning that modifies the meaning of the whole object . 
In mammals , Pregnancy is the period of reproduction during which a female carries one or more live offspring from implantation in the uterus through gestation . 
Among other things , President today is a common title for the head of state of most republics , whether popularly elected , chosen by the legislature or a special electoral college . 
In Greek mythology , Priam ( Greek Πρίαμος Priamos ) was the king of Troy during the Trojan War and youngest son of Laomedon . 
A Private is a soldier of the lowest military rank ( equivalent to NATO Rank Grades OR-1 to OR-3 depending on the force served in ) . 
A Procedure is a specification of series of actions , acts or operations which have to be executed in the same manner in order to always obtain the same result in the same circumstances ( for example , emergency procedures ) . 
Procyon is RB the mammalian genus to which raccoons belong . 
A Profession is an occupation , vocation or career WRB specialized knowledge of a subject , field , or science is applied . 
A Programmer is someone who writes computer software . 
Prohibition of alcohol , RB referred to simply as Prohibition , RB known as Dry Law , refers to a JJ law which prohibits alcohol . 
In Greek mythology , Prometheus ( Προμηθεύς , " forethought " ) is a Titan known for his wily intelligence , who stole fire from Zeus and gave it to mortals for their use . 
In biology , a Promoter is a regulatory region of DNA generally located upstream ( towards the 5 ' region of the sense strand ) of a gene that allows transcription of the gene . 
In linguistics and grammar , a Pronoun is a pro-form that substitutes for a noun phrase ( including a noun phrase consisting of a single noun ) with or without a determiner , JJ as you and they in English . 
A Propeller is RB a type of fan which transmits power by converting rotational motion into thrust for propulsion of a vehicle JJ as an aircraft , ship , or submarine through a mass JJ as water or air , by rotating two or more twisted blades about a central shaft , in a manner JJ to rotating a screw through a solid . 
In religion , a Prophet ( or prophetess ) is a person who has encountered the supernatural or the divine and serves as an intermediary with humanity . 
In poker , Protection is a bet made with a strong but vulnerable hand , JJ as top pair when straight or flush draws are JJ . 
The Proteobacteria are a major group ( phylum ) of bacteria . 
In Greek mythology , Proteus is an RB sea-god , one of several deities whom Homer calls the " Old Man of the Sea " , whose name suggests the " first " , as protogonos is the " primordial " CC the " firstborn " . 
A Protocol is a set of guidelines or rules . 
A Proverb ( from the Latin proverbium ) , RB called a byword or nayword , is a simple and concrete saying popularly known and repeated , which expresses a truth , based on common sense or the practical experience of humanity . 
A Provirus is a virus genome that has integrated itself into the DNA of a host cell . 
In Christianity , Psilanthropism or Socinianism is a Christological view that believes Jesus was RB human . 
The term Psychokinesis ( from the Greek ψυχή , " psyche " , meaning mind , soul , heart , or breath ; and JJ , " kinesis " , meaning motion ; RB " movement from the mind " ) , also known RB telekinesis ( Greek τῆλε + JJ , literally " distant-movement " ) , sometimes abbreviated PK and TK RB , denotes the purported ability of the mind to influence matter , time , space , or energy by means outside the known laws of physics . 
Claudius Ptolemaeus ( Greek : Κλαύδιος Πτολεμαῖος ; Klaúdios Ptolemaîos ; after 83 - 161 AD ) , known in English as Ptolemy , was an ancient mathematician , geographer , astronomer , and astrologer . 
A Pulley ( also called a sheave or block ) is a wheel with a groove between two flanges around its circumference . 
A Pump is a device used to move gases , liquids or slurries . 
A Pun ( or paronomasia ) is a phrase that RB exploits confusion between similar-sounding words for humorous or rhetorical effect . 
The Punjab or Panjab ( Urdu : JJ ) province of Pakistan is by far the country 's most JJ and JJ region and is home to the Punjabis and various other groups . 
A Puritan of 16th and 17th century England was a Protestant advocate of " purity " of worship , doctrine , and personal and group morality . 
A Pyramid ( from Greek πυραμίδoς - pyramidos , JJ of JJ - pyramis ) is any JJ polyhedron WRB the faces other than the base are JJ and converge on one point , called the apex . 
Pyrenees ( Spanish : Pirineos ; French : Pyrénées ; Catalan : Pirineus ; Occitan : Pirenèus ; JJ : Perinés ; Basque : Pirinioak ) are a range of mountains in southwest Europe that form a natural border between France and Spain . 
The Pythonidae are a family of non-venomous snakes found in Africa , Asia and Australia . 
traditional Chinese culture , Qi ( JJ ; Pinyin qi , Wade-Giles 'ch'i ' Jyutping 'hei ' ; Japanese 'ki ' ; Korean 'gi ' ; pronounced /tɕʰî/ in Standard Mandarin ) is an active principle forming part of any living thing . 
In geometry , a Quadrilateral is a polygon with four sides or edges and four vertices or corners . 
The Quadrivium comprised the four subjects , or arts , taught in medieval universities after the trivium . 
Quake is a first-person shooter computer game that was released by id Software on June 22 , . 
acronyms Qango and Quango , variously spelt out as QUAsi Non-Governmental Organisation , QUasi-Autonomous Non-Governmental Organisation , and QUasi-Autonomous National Government Organisation , have been used , RB in the United Kingdom , but RB in Australia , Ireland and other countries , to describe a range of organisations to which governments have devolved power . 
In physics , Quantization is a procedure for constructing a quantum field theory starting from a classical field theory . 
Quarantine is JJ or JJ isolation , RB to contain the spread of something considered JJ , RB but RB RB disease . 
A Quark ( /ˈkwɔrk/ or /ˈkwɑrk/ ) is a generic type of physical particle that interacts via the strong force and that forms one of the two basic constituents of matter , the other being the lepton . 
A Quarrel or bolt is the term for the ammunition used in a crossbow . 
In descriptive statistics , a Quartile is any of the three values which divide the sorted data set into four equal parts , RB that each part represents 1/ JJ of the sampled population . 
The Quasi-War was an undeclared war fought RB at sea between the United States and France from 1798 to . 
A Quatrain is a poem , or a stanza within a poem , that consists RB of four lines . 
A quantum bit , or Qubit is a unit of quantum information . 
In computing , a Quine is a program , a form of metaprogram , that produces its complete source code as its only output . 
RB , a Quoin is a wedge , used to support or anchor other items . 
A Québécois or Quebecois ( /ke.be.kwa/ ) , or in the feminine Québécoise ( /ke.be.kwaz/ ) , is a native or resident of the Canadian province of Quebec , but RB refers in English to a French-speaking or native of the province . 
RAM is the most important kind of memory . 
In cryptography , RC4 ( RB known as ARC4 or ARCFOUR meaning Alleged RC4 , see below ) is the most widely-used software stream cipher and is used in popular protocols JJ as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) ( to protect Internet traffic ) and WEP ( to secure wireless networks ) . 
Cyclotrimethylenetrinitramine , RB known as RDX , cyclonite , hexogen , and T4 , is an JJ nitroamine RB used in military and industrial applications . 
The RFPolicy states a method of contacting vendors about security vulnerabilities found in their products . 
RN refers to Registered Nurse . 
RPG RBS RB refers to Rocket-propelled grenade , a shoulder-launched anti-tank weapon . 
RPN is an acronym that refers to Radio Philippines Network . 
In cryptography , RSA is an algorithm for public-key cryptography . 
RB , the word for an adult rabbit was coney or cony , while Rabbit referred to the JJ animals . 
The term Radar was coined in 1941 as an acronym for Radio Detection and Ranging . 
Raggamuffin music , usually abbreviated as Ragga , is a sub-genre of dancehall music or reggae , in which the instrumentation RB consists of electronic music ; sampling RB serves a prominent role in raggamuffin music as RB . 
In Norse mythology , Ragnarök ( Old Norse " Final destiny of the gods " ) refers to a series of major events , including a RB battle foretold to ultimately result in the death of a number of major figures ( including the gods Odin , Thor , Freyr , Heimdall , and the jötunn Loki ) , the occurrence of various natural disasters , and the subsequent submersion of the world in water . 
Range refers to the set of all output values of a function . 
Range refers to the difference between the highest and lowest value . 
In descriptive statistics , the Range is the length of the smallest interval which contains all the data . 
A Rapid is a section of a river WRB the river bed has a relatively steep gradient causing an increase in water flow and turbulence . 
In Norse mythology , Ratatosk is a red squirrel who runs up and down with messages in the world tree Yggdrasill and spreads gossip . 
In most of Europe and North America , Raven is used as a synonym for the JJ Common Raven , and RB of the literature and culture surrounding ravens refers to that species . 
The Reconquista ( a Spanish and Portuguese word for " Reconquest " ; Arabic : الاسترداد‎ al-ʼIstirdād , " Withdrawal " ) was a period of 750 years in which several Christian kingdoms expanded themselves over the Iberian Peninsula at the expense of the Muslim states of Al-Andalus ( Arabic الأندلس , al-andalus ) . 
Müller von Königsberg ( June 6 , 1436 - July 6 , 1476 ) , known by his Latin pseudonym Regiomontanus , was an important German mathematician , astronomer and astrologer . 
The Reichsmarine was the name of the German Navy during the Weimar Republic and first two years of Nazi Germany . 
In mathematics , especially set theory , and logic , a Relation is a property that assigns truth values to combinations ( k-tuples ) of k individuals . 
A Relationship is a specific connection between objects , entities , concepts or people . 
A Religion is a set of beliefs and practices , RB centered upon specific supernatural and moral claims about reality , the cosmos , and human nature , and often codified as prayer , ritual , or religious law . 
The Renaissance ( from French Renaissance , meaning " rebirth " ; Italian : Rinascimento , from re- " RB " and nascere " be born " ) was a cultural movement that spanned roughly the 14th to the 17th century , beginning in Italy in the late Middle Ages and later spreading to the rest of Europe . 
Rent is a rock musical , with music and lyrics by Jonathan Larson inspired by Giacomo Puccini 's opera La Bohème . 
A Republic is a state or country that is not led by a hereditary monarch , but in which the people ( or at least a part of its people ) have impact on its government . 
A Republic is a form of government in which the head of state is RB a monarch and the people ( or at least a part of its people ) have an impact on its government . 
A Rerun or repeat is a re-airing of an episode of a media ( usually television ) program . 
The term Research is also used to describe an entire collection of information about a particular subject . 
A Restaurant is a retail establishment that serves prepared food to customers . 
A Retrovirus is RB virus belonging to the viral family Retroviridae . 
A Revolution ( from the Latin revolutio , " a turnaround " ) is a JJ change in power or organizational structures that takes place in a relatively short period of time . 
A Revolver is a repeating firearm that consists of multiple chambers and at least one barrel for firing . 
Rhein refers to a major river in Europe . 
Today the term Rhetoric can be used at times to refer RB to the form of argumentation , RB with the pejorative connotation that rhetoric is a means of obscuring the truth . 
The Rhine ( Rhein ; Rijn ; Rhin ; Reno ; Rain ; Rhenus ; Rin ) is one of the longest and most JJ rivers in Europe at 1,320 kilometres ( 820 mi ) , with an average discharge of more than 2,000 cubic meters per second . 
Rhodes ( Ρόδος , ,Ródos , /ˈroðos/ , Rodi , ردوس , Rodos , Ladino : Rodi or Rodes ) is a Greek island approximately convert RB of Turkey in eastern Aegean Sea . 
The Rhombicuboctahedron , or small rhombicuboctahedron , is an JJ RB with eight triangular and eighteen square faces . 
A Rhyme is a repetition of identical or similar sounds in two or more different words and is RBS often used in poetry and songs . 
In everyday usage , Risk is often used RB with the probability of a known loss . 
A River is a natural stream of water , RB freshwater , flowing toward an ocean , a lake , or another stream . 
Robotech is a story adapted with edited content and revised dialogue from the animation of three different mecha anime series : The Super Dimension Fortress Macross , Super Dimension Cavalry Southern Cross , and Genesis Climber Mospeada . 
A Rocket or rocket vehicle is a missile , aircraft or other vehicle which obtains thrust by the reaction of the rocket to the ejection of fast moving fluid from a rocket engine . 
A Roof is the covering on the uppermost part of a building . 
The Rosaceae or rose family is a large family of plants , with about 3,000-4,000 species in 100-120 genera . 
Rosales is an order of flowering plants , including nine families , the type family being the rose family Rosaceae . 
A Rose is a perennial flowering shrub or vine of the genus Rosa , within the family rosaceae , that contains over 100 species . 
Roswell refers to places in the United States of America such RB Georgia , a suburb of Atlanta . 
A Round is a musical composition in which two or more voices sing RB the same melody ( and may continue repeating it indefinitely ) , but with each voice beginning at different times RB that different parts of the melody coincide in the different voices , but RB fit RB RB . 
A Router ( /'rautər/ in the USA and Australia , and 'ru : tÃƒâ‰ˆÃ‚Ë™r in the UK ) is a computer whose software and hardware are usually tailored to the tasks of routing and forwarding information . 
RP or Rp refers to Received Pronunciation or Relief pitcher . 
RuneQuest is the original percentile die-based and skill-based rule set . 
Ruth ( Hebrew : ת‎Ruth rut ) is a common female given name , from Ruth the Moabite in the Book of Ruth , RB from the Hebrew for " companion " . 
Small Computer System Interface , or SCSI ( pronounced skuh-zee ) , is a set of standards for RB connecting and transferring data between computers and peripheral devices . 
SIGGRAPH ( short for Special Interest Group on GRAPHics and Interactive Techniques ) is the name of the annual conference on computer graphics ( CG ) convened by the ACM SIGGRAPH organization . 
In Christianity , Sabellianism ( RB known as modalism , modalistic monarchianism , or modal monarchism ) is the nontrinitarian belief that the Heavenly Father , Resurrected Son and Holy Spirit are different modes or aspects of one God , RB perceived by the believer , RB than three distinct persons in God Himself . 
Sagitta ( /səˈdʒiːtə/ , arrow ) is the third-smallest of all constellations ( only Equuleus and Crux are JJR ) . 
Salinity in Australian English and North American English may also refer to the salt in soil ( see soil salination ) . 
A Salt , in chemistry , is defined as the product formed from the neutralisation reaction of acids and bases . 
The Saluki is RB the oldest known breed of domesticated dog . 
Samba is the most important kind of Brazilian music , that had its orign in Africa . 
In Finnish mythology , the Sampo was a JJ artifact constructed by Ilmarinen that brought good fortune to its holder ; nobody knows RB what it was supposed to be . 
Satanism can refer to a number of belief systems depending on the user and context . 
In the context of spaceflight , a Satellite is an object which has been placed into orbit by human endeavor . 
Satire were the companions of Dionysos and central characters of the satyr plays of the Theatre of Ancient Greece . 
Savoy ( French : Savoie , savwa ; Franco-Provençal : Savouè ; Italian : Savoia , German : Savoyen ) is a region of Europe on the western flank of the Alps that emerged , RB with the free communes of Switzerland , following the collapse of the Frankish Kingdom of Burgundy . 
The Saxons or Saxon people were a confederation of Old Germanic tribes . 
The Saxophone ( commonly referred to simply as sax ) is a conical-bored musical instrument considered a member of the woodwind family . 
In economics , Scarcity is the problem of infinite human needs and wants , in a world of finite resources . 
A Scarecrow is a device , RB a human figure dressed in old clothes , or mannequin , that is used to discourage birds JJ RB crows from disturbing crops . 
In medicine and biology , Scatology or coprology is the study of feces . 
In mathematics , a Schottky-group is a special sort of Kleinian group , named after Friedrich Schottky . 
From the Middle Ages to the Enlightenment , Science or scientia meant any JJ recorded knowledge . 
A Scientist , in the broadest sense , refers to RB person that engages in a systematic activity to acquire knowledge or an individual that engages in such practices and traditions that are linked to schools of thought or philosophy . 
Scopolamine , RB known as hyoscine and " Devils Breath " , is a tropane alkaloid drug with muscarinic antagonist effects . 
Scrabble is a word game in which two to four players score points by forming words from individual lettered tiles on a game board marked with a 15-by-15 grid . 
A Screwdriver is a JJ cocktail made with orange juice and vodka . 
A Sea is RB a large expanse of saline water connected with an ocean , or a large , usually saline , lake that lacks a natural outlet JJ as the Caspian Sea and the Dead Sea . 
A Season is one of the major divisions of the year , RB based on yearly periodic changes in weather . 
In the sociology of religion a Sect is RB a JJ JJ or political group that has broken off from a larger group , for example from a large , well-established religious group , like a denomination , RB JJ to a dispute about doctrinal matters . 
Seinen-manga is a subset of manga that is generally targeted at an 18–30 year JJ male audience , but the audience can be JJR with some comics aimed at businessmen RB into their 40s . 
In mathematics , a Semigroup is an algebraic structure consisting of a nonempty set S RB with an associative binary operation . 
The Senoi ( also spelled Sengoi and Sng'oi ) are a Malaysian hunting and gathering people who were reported to make extensive use of lucid dreaming to ensure happiness and mental health . 
In mathematics and in physics , Separability refers to properties of Separable spaces in topology . 
The Septuagint ( /ˈsɛptuː.ədʒɪnt/ ) , or simply " LXX " , is the Koine Greek version of the Hebrew Bible , translated in stages between the 3rd and 1st centuries BC in Alexandria . 
In mathematics , a Sequence is an ordered list of objects ( or events ) . 
In computer science , in the context of data storage and transmission , Serialization is the process of saving an object onto a storage medium ( such as a file , or a memory buffer ) or to transmit it across a network connection link in binary form . 
A Sestina ( RB , sextina , sestine , or sextain ) is a highly structured poem consisting of six six-line stanzas followed by a tercet ( called its envoy or tornada ) , for a total of thirty-nine lines . 
Set is a real-time card game designed by Marsha Falco and published by Set Enterprises in . 
Islam Sharia ( Arabic : شريعة‎ šarīʿah ) is the body of Islamic religious law . 
The word Shinto , from the original Chinese Shendao ( 神道 ) , combines two kanji : Nihongo ( loanwords RB retain their Chinese pronunciation , hence shin not kami ) , meaning gods or spirits ; and Nihongo , meaning a philosophical way or path ( RB from the Chinese word dao ) . 
A Ship is a RB vessel that floats on water . 
A Shire is an administrative division of Great Britain and Australia . 
In Judaism , shiv'ah or Shiva ( Hebrew Name 1 ) is the week-long period of grief and mourning for the seven first-degree relatives : father , mother , son , daughter , brother , sister , and spouse . 
A Shoe is an item of footwear . 
A Shotgun ( also known as a fowling piece or scattergun ) is a firearm that is usually designed to be fired from the shoulder , which uses the energy of a fixed shell to fire a number of small spherical pellets called shot or a solid projectile . 
A Shuttlecock is a high-drag projectile used in the sport of badminton . 
A Siddur ( Hebrew : סידור ; plural siddurim ) is a Jewish prayer book , containing a set order of daily prayers . 
In America , a Sideshow is an JJ , secondary production associated with a circus , carnival , fair or other such attraction . 
Sienna is a form of limonite clay RBS JJ in the production of oil paint pigments . 
In mathematics , a σ-algebra ( or Sigma-algebra ) ( sigma is a Greek letter , upper case Σ , lower case σ ) over a set X is a nonempty collection Σ of subsets of X that is closed under complementation and countable unions of its members . 
Sigmurethra is a taxonomic category of air-breathing land snails and slugs , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs . 
A Sign is an entity which signifies another entity . 
Sikhism originated from the word Sikh , which in turn comes from the Sanskrit root meaning disciple " or " learner " , or śikṣa meaning " instruction " . . 
SimCity was Maxis ' RB product , which has since been ported into various personal computers and game consoles , and enhanced into several different versions including SimCity 2000 in 1993 , SimCity 3000 in 1999 , SimCity 4 in 2003 , and SimCity DS and SimCity Societies in . 
Sinope refers to a city on the Black Sea , historically known as Sinope . 
In biology , the Skeleton or skeletal system is a RB framework that supports the body . 
In ordinary usage , Skepticism or scepticism ( /'σκέπτομαι'/ skeptomai , to look RB , to consider ; see RB spelling differences ) refers to an attitude of doubt or a disposition to incredulity either in JJ or toward a particular object . 
In probability theory and statistics , Skewness is a measure of the asymmetry of the probability distribution of a real-valued random variable . 
A Ski is a long flat device worn on the feet designed to help the wearer slide RB over snow . 
A Skinhead is a member of a subculture that originated among working class youths in the United Kingdom in the late 1960s , and then spread to other parts of the world . 
In Wicca and Wicca-based Neopaganism , Skyclad is used to refer to ritual nudity . 
A Skyscraper is a tall , continuously habitable building . 
In Norse mythology , Skírnir is Freyr 's messenger and vassal . 
In Norse mythology , Skíðblaðnir ( the name can be anglicized as Skídbladnir , Skídhbladhnir or Skíthblathnir ) is the ship of Freyr . 
Slayers is a Dungeons and Dragons-style parody that follows the adventures of the young sorceress Lina Inverse and her companions as they journey through their world . 
In Norse mythology , Sleipnir is Odin 's magical eight-legged steed , and the greatest of all horses . 
A Sling is a projectile weapon typically used to throw a blunt projectile JJ as a stone . 
A Slingshot ( RB sometimes called a catapult , shanghai , or katty ) , is a small hand-powered projectile weapon . 
The unqualified word Smalltalk is often used to indicate the Smalltalk-80 language , the first version to be made RB JJ and created in . 
Smelting is a form of extractive metallurgy . 
The Smiley , smiley face , or happy face , is a stylized representation of a smiling human face , commonly represented as a yellow circle with two dots representing eyes and a half circle representing the mouth . 
A Snake is an elongate reptile of the suborder Serpentes . 
A Snare is a kind of trap used for capturing animals . 
A Sniper is an infantry combatant or serviceman ( e. g. police officer ) who specializes in shooting from a concealed position over longer ranges than regular infantry , RB with a specially designed or adapted sniper rifle . 
A Snowboard is a thin , hourglass shaped board ridden RB a sloped section of earth covered in snow . 
The Solanaceae is a family of flowering plants , many of which are JJ , while others are JJ ( RB have both edible and toxic parts ) . 
The Solanales are an order of flowering plants , included in the asterid group of dicotyledons . 
A Solder is a JJ metal alloy with a melting point or melting range of 90 to 450 °C ( 200 to 840 °F ) , used in a process called soldering WRB it is melted to join JJ surfaces . 
In chemistry , a Solution is a homogeneous mixture composed of two or more substances . 
The term Sonar is also used for the equipment used to generate and receive the sound . 
Sordariomycetidae is a subclass of sac fungi . 
The Soul , according to many religious and philosophical traditions , is the self-aware essence , or consciousness , unique to a particular living being . 
In physics , Spacetime is RB mathematical model that combines space and time into a single construct called the spacetime continuum . 
In this context , Spam is sometimes perceived as a backronym for stupid , pointless , annoying message ( RB the A is thought to stand for JJ ) . 
A Spandrel ( less RB spandril or splaundrel ) is the space between two arches or RB an arch and a rectangular enclosure . 
A Spectrometer is an JJ instrument used to measure properties of light over a specific portion of the electromagnetic spectrum , typically used in spectroscopic analysis to identify materials . 
A Spectrum ( plural spectra or spectrums ) is a condition that is not limited to a specific set of values but can vary RB within a continuum . 
A Sphere ( from Greek - sphaira , " globe , ball , " ) is a JJ geometrical object . 
A Spice is a dried seed , fruit , root , bark or vegetative substance used in nutritionally insignificant quantities as a food additive for the purpose of flavoring , and RB as a preservative by killing or preventing the growth of harmful bacteria . 
A Spinor is an element of the spinor space . 
A Spoonerism is a play on words in which corresponding consonants , vowels , or morphemes are switched ( see metathesis ) . 
A Squirrel is any one of the many small or JJ rodents in the family Sciuridae . 
In poetry , a Stanza is a unit within a larger poem . 
A Star is a massive , luminous ball of plasma . 
A State is a political association with effective sovereignty over a geographic area . 
A Statistic ( singular ) is the result of applying a function ( statistical algorithm ) to a set of data . 
A Statite ( a portmanteau of static and satellite ) is a hypothetical type of artificial satellite that employs a solar sail to continuously modify its orbit in ways that gravity RB would not allow . 
A Statute is a JJ written enactment of a legislative authority that governs a country , state , city , or county . 
In physical chemistry , and in engineering , Steam refers to vaporized water . 
Henri-Marie Beyle ( January 23 , 1783 - March 23 , 1842 ) , RBR known by his penname Stendhal , was a 19th-century French writer . 
The Steradian ( symbol : sr ) is the SI unit of solid angle . 
The term Strategos ( plural strategoi ; Greek JJ ; ) ( literally meaning " army leader " ) is used in Greek to mean " general " . 
In computer programming and some branches of mathematics , a String is an ordered sequence of symbols . 
The StrongARM is a faster version of the Advanced RISC Machines ARM design . 
Structuralism is an approach to the human sciences that attempts to analyze a specific field ( for instance , mythology ) as a complex system of interrelated parts . 
The term Stuttering is RBS commonly associated with JJ sound repetition , but it RB encompasses the abnormal hesitation or pausing before speech , referred to by stutterers as blocks , and the prolongation of certain sounds , RB vowels . 
A Subject is an observer and an object is a thing observed . 
A Subtitle can refer to titling , an explanatory or alternate title of a book , play , film , musical work , . 
The Sudetes ( /suːˈdiːtiːz/ ) is a mountain range in Central Europe . 
The Sun ( Sol ) is the star at the center of the Solar System . 
A Sunspot is a region on the Sun 's surface ( photosphere ) that is marked by a lower temperature than its surroundings and has intense magnetic activity , which inhibits convection , forming areas of reduced surface temperature . 
In geology , a Supercontinent is a landmass comprising JJR than one continental core , or craton . 
A Supervolcano or super volcanic eruption is a volcanic eruption which is orders of magnitude greater than any volcano in historic times ( > ; 200 cubic kilometers ) . 
In mathematics , RB in topology , a Surface is a JJ manifold . 
A Sweetener is a food additive which adds the basic taste of sweetness to a food ; artificial sweeteners are sugar substitutes . 
A Sword is a long-edged piece of metal , used as a cutting and/ or thrusting weapon in many civilizations throughout the world . 
In music , Syncopation includes a variety of rhythms which are in some way unexpected in that they deviate from the strict succession of regularly spaced strong and weak beats in a meter ( pulse ) . 
In linguistics , Syntax ( from Ancient Greek lang syn- , " RB " , and lang tÃƒâˆžÃ‚Â¡xis , " arrangement " ) is the study of the principles and rules for constructing sentences in natural languages . 
In classical mythology , Syrinx ( Greek Συριγξ ) was a nymph and a follower of Artemis , known for her chastity . 
The TARDIS ( Time And Relative Dimension(s ) In Space ) is a time machine and spacecraft in the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who . 
TWERPS ( 'The World 's Easiest Role-Playing System ' ) is a minimalist role-playing game ( RPG ) originally created by Reindeer Games ( whose sole product was the TWERPS line ) and distributed by Gamescience . 
The Tambourine or Marine is a musical instrument of the percussion family consisting of a frame , RB of wood or plastic , with pairs of small metal jingles , called " zils " . 
The Tanakh ( תַּנַ"ךְ‎ ) ( RB , /taˈnaχ/ or /təˈnax/ , Tenakh or Tenak ) is the Bible used in Judaism . 
Tarragon or dragon's-wort ( 'Artemisia dracunculus ' L. ) is a perennial herb in the family Asteraceae related to wormwood . 
A Tax is a financial charge or JJ levy imposed on an individual or a legal entity by a state or a functional equivalent of a state ( for example , secessionist movements or revolutionary movements ) . 
A Tensor is an object which extends the notion of scalar , vector , and matrix . 
The Terraforming ( RB , " Earth-shaping " ) of a planet , moon , or other body is the hypothetical process of RB modifying its atmosphere , temperature , surface topography or ecology to be JJ to those of Earth in order to make it JJ by humans . 
The Tetraodontiformes are an order of highly derived ray-finned fish , RB called the Plectognathi . 
In thermodynamics and physical chemistry , Thermochemistry is the study of the heat evolved or absorbed in chemical reactions . 
The Thyroid is one of the largest endocrine glands in the body . 
The Tiber ( Latin Tiberis , Italian Tevere ) is the third-longest river in Italy , rising in the Apennine mountains of Tuscany and flowing 406 kilometres through Umbria and Lazio to the Tyrrhenian Sea . 
In current usage , Tifinagh RB refers to ( variants of ) the Neo-Tifinagh developed by the lang in the 1960s , with fixed left-to-right directionality and vowel letters . 
In physics and other sciences , Time is considered one of the few fundamental quantities . 
A Tirthankar is a special sort of arhat , a person who has totally conquered base sensibilities JJ as anger , pride , deceit , or desire . 
The term " Torah " ( Hebrew : תּוֹרָה , " teaching " or " instruction , " sometimes translated as " Law , " ) most RB refers to the text of the Five Books of Moses or Pentateuch . 
RB , a Torch was a portable source of fire used as a source of light , RB a rod-shaped piece of wood with a rag soaked in pitch and/ or some other flammable material wrapped around one end . 
The Torr ( symbol : Torr ) is a non-SI unit of pressure defined as 1/ 760 of an atmosphere . 
A Toxin ( Greek : οξικόν , toxikon , lit . ( poison ) for use on arrows ) is a JJ substance produced by living cells or organisms that is JJ at very low concentrations . 
A Trademark or trade mark ( represented by the symbol ™ or ® ) CC mark is a distinctive sign or indicator of some kind which is used by an individual , business organization or other legal entity to identify RB the source of its products and/ or services to consumers , and to distinguish its products or services from those of other entities . 
In computer science , Transclusion refers to the inclusion of part of a document into another document by reference . 
In electronics , a Transistor is a semiconductor device commonly used to amplify or switch electronic signals . 
Travel-photography is a subcategory of photography involving the documentation of an area 's landscape , people , cultures , customs and history . 
RB Traveller was intended to be a system for playing generic space opera themed science fiction adventures , in the same sense that Dungeons and ; Dragons is a system for generic fantasy adventures . 
The Triassic is a geologic period and system that extends from about 251 to 199 Ma ( million years ago ) . 
Adrian Thaws ( born January 27 , 1968 ) , RBR known as Tricky , is an English trip hop musician in the British music scene ( despite loathing the " trip hop " tag ) . 
A Troll is a fearsome member of a mythical race from Norse mythology . 
An Internet troll , or RB Troll in Internet slang , is someone who posts JJ and RB irrelevant or off-topic messages in an online community , JJ as an online discussion forum or chat room , with the intention of baiting other users into an emotional response or to generally disrupt normal on-topic discussion . 
The Trumpet is a musical instrument with the highest register in the brass family . 
A Type-Ia-supernova is a sub-category of cataclysmic variable stars that results from the violent explosion of a white dwarf star . 
In the Star Trek fictional universe , a VISOR is a device used by the blind to artificially provide them with a sense of sight . 
In poker , the strength of a hand ( WRB JJ it is to be the best according to the rules of the game being played ) is often called its Value ; RB , in the context of poker strategy the term is RBR RB used to describe a betting tactic , a bet for value . 
Star Trek character Worf , played by Michael Dorn , is a main character , RB in the films based on The Next Generation . 
World-Bank is a term used to describe an international financial institution that provides leveraged loans to developing countries for capital programs . 
ΔT , Delta T , delta-T , deltaT , or DT is the time difference obtained by subtracting Universal Time from Terrestrial Time . 
a BINARY-SEARCH is a quick way of finding if something is in an sorted list of values . 
BOOLEAN-LOGIC is a way of expressing a bit of information as one of two states , JJ CC JJ . 
a WEB-SERVICE is a way of black boxing . 
HEAP-SORT is an optimal way of sorting information . 
CONSTRAINT-SATISFACTION is the subfield of artificial intelligence which deals with finding a best practical solution under a list of constraints and prioritizations . 
COMPUTER-VISION is the determination of JJ and meaningful descriptions of objects and scenes from image data . 
CRYPTOGRAPHY is the science of codes and cyphers . 
KNOWLEDGE-BASE is defined as a set of information , incorporated by a person or system . 
PAGERANK is GOOGLE 's measure of the quantity and quality of the links that point to a particular web page , but it 's RB RB RB to date or RB JJ and it has few followers outside the enthusiasts who have installed the google toolbar to keep an eye on it . 
DIVINA-COMMEDIA is Dante 's masterpiece . 
OBJECT-RECOGNITION is the brain 's ability to recall an object 's shape and properties . 
PATTERN-RECOGNITION is a sub-topic of machine learning . 
DATA-MINING is the principle of sorting through large amounts of data and picking RP relevant information . 
INFORMATION-RETRIEVAL is the art and science of searching for information in documents . 
INFORMATION-RETRIEVAL is the science of searching for information in documents . 
INFORMATION-RETRIEVAL refers to the process of searching for documents , information within documents or metadata about documents . 
INFORMATION-RETRIEVAL is the process of searching for documents , information within documents or metadata about documents . 
MACHINE-LEARNING is an area of artificial intelligence involving developing techniques to allow computers to learn . 
FACE-RECOGNITION is a field of computer vision . 
EQUIVALENCE-CLASS is defined as a set of identical nodes in the xis tree for an input xml document . 
a GENE-EXPRESSION-PATTERN is a suite of expression data for a gene along a suite of different experimental conditions . 
in computer science , a DATA-STRUCTURE is a particular way of storing and organizing data in a computer RB that it can be used RB . 
a LOGIC-PROGRAM is a finite set of universally quantified axioms . 
SERVICE-COMPOSITION is the act of executing a service coordination . 
Named-entity-recognition ( NER ) ( also known as entity identification and entity extraction ) is a subtask of information extraction that seeks to locate and classify atomic elements in text into predefined categories JJ as the names of persons , organizations , locations , expressions of times . 
Named-entity-recognition refers to locating and classifying atomic elements in text into pre-defined categories JJ as names of people and organizations , place names , events , temporal expressions , and certain types of numerical expressions . 
Named-entity-recognition is RB an example of a soft clustering problem in which differing levels of specificity in the groupings may be JJ . 
PIE-DOUGH is the simplest form of dough . 
Medical-geography is an area of medical research that incorporates geographic techniques into the study of health . 
Graph-visualization is a way of representing structural information as diagrams of abstract graphs and networks . 
Potion-Mastery is a specialization of Alchemy . 
Division-of-labour or economic specialization is the specialization of cooperative labour . 
Gd is a special case of the generalized gamma distribution . 
Inertia is special case of energy conservation . 
Permuting is the special case of sorting . 
Trees are a special case of a graph data structure . 
Bovine is RB of various members of the genus bos . 
FISH are any of various RB cold-blooded aquatic vertebrates usually having scales and breathing through gills . 
HAMSTER is JJ Old World burrowing rodent with large cheek pouches . 
HAMSTER are caudated Old World burrowing rodent with large cheek pouches . 
GREBE is the small compact-bodied almost completely aquatic bird that builds floating nests . 
BIRD-OF-PREY is RB of numerous carnivorous birds that hunt and kill other animals . 
BOA are any of several RB tropical constrictors with vestigial hind limbs . 
BOA is RB of several RB tropical constrictors with vestigial hind limbs . 
BUNNY is RB a young rabbit . 
CATERPILLAR is a wormlike and often brightly colored and hairy or spiny larva of a butterfly or moth . 
CHIPMUNK is a burrowing ground squirrel of western America and Asia . 
COCKROACH are any of JJ RB nocturnal insects . 
CONDOR are the largest flying birds in the western hemisphere . 
ARMADILLO is a burrowing chiefly nocturnal mammal with body covered with strong horny plates . 
COPEPOD is a minute marine or freshwater crustaceans usually having six pairs of limbs on the thorax . 
SIRENIAN-MAMMAL is any of two families of large herbivorous aquatic mammals with paddle-shaped tails and flipper-like forelimbs and no hind limbs . 
MOTH is RB crepuscular or nocturnal insect having a stout body and feathery or hairlike antennae . 
a MITE is any of JJ RB JJ to minute arachnids often infesting animals or plants or stored foods . 
a JAY is a crested RB blue bird . 
a NEWT is a small RB bright-colored semiaquatic salamanders of north america and europe and northern asia . 
a FLATFISH is any of several families of fishes having flattened bodies that swim along the sea floor on one side of the body with both eyes on the upper side . 
a LEECH is a carnivorous or bloodsucking aquatic or terrestrial worms typically having a sucker at each end . 
ACONITE is RB of various RB poisonous plants of the genus aconitum having tuberous roots and palmately lobed leaves and blue or white flowers . 
ARNICA is RB of various rhizomatous usually perennial plants of the genus arnica . 
BITTERSWEET is a poisonous perennial Old World vine having violet flowers and oval coral-red berries . 
CITRUS is RB of JJ JJ RB thorny evergreen trees of the genus citrus having leathery evergreen leaves and widely cultivated for their juicy edible fruits having leathery aromatic rinds . 
VERBENA is RB of numerous tropical or subtropical american plants of the genus verbena grown for their showy spikes of variously colored flowers . 
The In-degree of a vertex v in a directed graph is the number of directed edges ( u , v ) JJ that v is the second vertex of the edge . 
Trees are a special kind of directed graph , in which there is a special vertex , called the root , and which has in-degree 0 , and every other vertex has in-degree . 
In problem solving , the term Operator is used to describe one of the procedures that can be used to move from one state to another . 
Procedural-attachment refers to the practice of attaching small procedures called demons to slots in frames . 
Entropy gives us the average amount of information in bits in some attribute of an instance . 
In training a neural net , the term Epoch is used to describe a complete pass through all of the training patterns . 
Error-backpropagation-learning is often familiarly referred to just as backprop . 
In general AI parlance , an Instance-frame is a frame representing a particular individual , as opposed to a generic frame . 
The term " Noise " in this context refers to errors in the training data for machine learning algorithms . 
Perceptrons were originally used as pattern classifiers , WRB the term pattern is RB used RB in the sense of training pattern , but RB in the sense of an input pattern that is to be put into on of several classes . 
Training-pattern is used to refer to a set of input values and the corresponding set of desired or target output values for use in training an artificial neural network . 
A derivation of a sentence of a grammar is , in effect , a proof that the sentence can be derived from the start symbol of the grammar using the grammar rules and a rewriting process . 
Gender is one of the features of a noun phrase . 
An imperative-sentence is one that expresses a command , as opposed to a question or a statement . 
The term Knowledge-representation-language ( KRL ) is used to refer to the language used by a particular system to encode the knowledge . 
RBR RB , Lambda-expression is the set of all sentences that " follow from " or are JJ with the grammar rules . 
Lexeme is a fancy name for a word , including any suffix or prefix . 
PP-attachment is the problem of deciding what component of a sentence should be modified by a prepositional phrase appearing in the sentence . 
The Start-symbol of a grammar is another name for the " distinguished non-terminal " of the grammar . 
Structural-ambiguity is a form of ambiguity in which what is in doubt is the syntactic structure of the sentence or fragment of language in question . 
Syntax means the rules of language that RB concern the form of phrases and sentences , RB JJ from the substructure of words ( see morphology ) or the meaning of phrases and sentences in or out of context ( see pragmatics and semantics ) . 
TAG , is RB an acronym for Tree-Adjoining Grammar . 
Class-Hierarchy defines the relationship between different classes . 
Sub-class is a specialisation of another class , which inherits the properties of that class . 
Semantic-Web is an extension to the current World Wide Web . 
API or Application-Programming-Interface is RB a library of software functions . 
Frame-Rate is often defined in terms of number of frames per second ( FPS ) or frequency ( Hz ) . 
Frame-Rate RB defines the interval between consecutive image transfers . 
Grabbing-Images is a commonly used phrase to refer to the process of enabling isochronous transfers on a camera , which allows image data to be streamed from the camera to the host system . 
Vision-technology is RB a relatively young discipline , which had its breakthrough in the early 1980s . 
CMOS ( " see-moss " ) stands for complementary metal-oxide semiconductor , is a major class of integrated circuits . 
X-rays is a form of electromagnetic radiation with a wavelength in the range of 10 to 0.01 nanometers , JJ to frequencies in the range 30 to 3000 PHz ( 1015 hertz ) . 
Help-Desk RBS RB refers to technical support centers for computers/ software . 
Computer-Aided-Design - ( CAD ) is Computer software used to develop and/ or alter all aspects of design JJ as the end product , the system , machinery used . 
Computer-Aided-Manufacturing - ( CAM ) is Computer software used to design and/ or alter the manufacturing process . 
Control-Device is an instrument that allows a person to have control over a robot or automated system for times JJ as startup or an emergency . 
Two-norm - is the length of the vector which is found by summing the squares of the lengths then taking the square root of . 
