0. Viruses can infect only certain species of hosts and only certain cells within that host. Cells that a virus may use to replicate are called permissive. For most viruses, the molecular basis for this specificity is that a particular surface molecule known as the viral receptor must be found on the host cell surface for the virus to attach. 

1. The viral replication cycle can produce dramatic biochemical and structural changes in the host cell, which may cause cell damage. These changes, called cytopathic (causing cell damage) effects, can change cell functions or even destroy the cell. Some infected cells, such as those infected by the common cold virus known as rhinovirus, die through lysis (bursting) or apoptosis (programmed cell death or “cell suicide”), releasing all progeny virions at once. 

2. These changes, called cytopathic (causing cell damage) effects, can change cell functions or even destroy the cell. Some infected cells, such as those infected by the common cold virus known as rhinovirus, die through lysis (bursting) or apoptosis (programmed cell death or “cell suicide”), releasing all progeny virions at once. The symptoms of viral diseases result from the immune response to the virus, which attempts to control and eliminate the virus from the body, and from cell damage caused by the virus. 

3. What is biology? In simple terms, biology is the study of living organisms and their interactions with one another and their environments. This is a very broad definition because the scope of biology is vast. 

4. What does the study of biology share with other scientific disciplines? Science (from the Latin scientia, meaning “knowledge”) can be defined as knowledge that covers general truths or the operation of general laws, especially when acquired and tested by the scientific method.<END>. It becomes clear from this definition that the application of the scientific method plays a major role in science. 

5. It becomes clear from this definition that the application of the scientific method plays a major role in science. The scientific method is a method of research with defined steps that include experiments and careful observation.

6. For some experts, the natural sciences are astronomy, biology, chemistry, earth science, and physics. Other scholars choose to divide natural sciences into life sciences, which study living things and include biology, and physical sciences, which study nonliving matter and include astronomy, geology, physics, and chemistry. Some disciplines such as biophysics and biochemistry build on both life and physical sciences and are interdisciplinary.

2145. American silver, tobacco, and other items, which were used by native peoples for ritual purposes, became European commodities with a monetary value that could be bought and sold. <START> Before the arrival of the Spanish, for example, the Inca people of the Andes consumed chicha, a corn beer, for ritual purposes only.<END>. When the Spanish discovered chicha, they bought and traded for it, turning it into a commodity instead of a ritual substance. 

2146. As Europeans traversed the Atlantic, they brought with them plants, animals, and diseases that changed lives and landscapes on both sides of the ocean. <START> These two-way exchanges between the Americas and Europe/Africa are known collectively as the Columbian Exchange ([link]).<END>. 

2147. Native peoples had no immunity to diseases from across the Atlantic, to which they had never been exposed. <START> European explorers unwittingly brought with them chickenpox, measles, mumps, and smallpox, which ravaged native peoples despite their attempts to treat the diseases, decimating some populations and wholly destroying others ([link]).<END>. 

2148. In eastern North America, some native peoples interpreted death from disease as a hostile act. <START> Some groups, including the Iroquois, engaged in raids or “mourning wars,” taking enemy prisoners in order to assuage their grief and replace the departed.<END>. In a special ritual, the prisoners were “requickened”—assigned the identity of a dead person—and adopted by the bereaved family to take the place of their dead. 

2149. In the 1500s, Spain surpassed Portugal as the dominant European power. <START> This age of exploration and the subsequent creation of an Atlantic World marked the earliest phase of globalization, in which previously isolated groups—Africans, Native Americans, and Europeans—first came into contact with each other, sometimes with disastrous results.<END>. 

2150. On October 12, 1492, however, he made landfall on an island in the Bahamas. <START> He then sailed to an island he named Hispaniola (present-day Dominican Republic and Haiti) ([link]).<END>. Believing he had landed in the East Indies, Columbus called the native Taínos he found there “Indios,” giving rise to the term “Indian” for any native people of the New World. 

2151. <START> Columbus’s 1493 letter—or probanza de mérito (proof of merit)—describing his “discovery” of a New World did much to inspire excitement in Europe.<END>. Probanzas de méritos were reports and letters written by Spaniards in the New World to the Spanish crown, designed to win royal patronage. 

2152. Spain, with its New World wealth, was the bastion of the Catholic faith. <START> Beginning with the reform efforts of Martin Luther in 1517 and John Calvin in the 1530s, however, Catholic dominance came under attack as the Protestant Reformation, a split or schism among European Christians, began.<END>. 

2153. <START> Martin Luther ([link]) was a German Catholic monk who took issue with the Catholic Church’s practice of selling indulgences, documents that absolved sinners of their errant behavior.<END>. He also objected to the Catholic Church’s taxation of ordinary Germans and the delivery of Mass in Latin, arguing that it failed to instruct German Catholics, who did not understand the language. 

2154. <START> Calvinism emphasized human powerlessness before an omniscient God and stressed the idea of predestination, the belief that God selected a few chosen people for salvation while everyone else was predestined to damnation.<END>. Calvinists believed that reading scripture prepared sinners, if they were among the elect, to receive God’s grace. 

2155. However, by the late 1500s, some English members of the Church began to agitate for more reform. <START> Known as Puritans, they worked to erase all vestiges of Catholicism from the Church of England.<END>. At the time, the term “puritan” was a pejorative one; many people saw Puritans as holier-than-thou frauds who used religion to swindle their neighbors. 

2156. To meet these labor demands, early Virginians relied on indentured servants. <START> An indenture is a labor contract that young, impoverished, and often illiterate Englishmen and occasionally Englishwomen signed in England, pledging to work for a number of years (usually between five and seven) growing tobacco in the Chesapeake colonies.<END>. In return, indentured servants received paid passage to America and food, clothing, and lodging. 

2157. Nonetheless, those indentured servants who completed their term of service often began new lives as tobacco planters. <START> To entice even more migrants to the New World, the Virginia Company also implemented the headright system, in which those who paid their own passage to Virginia received fifty acres plus an additional fifty for each servant or family member they brought with them.<END>. The headright system and the promise of a new life for servants acted as powerful incentives for English migrants to hazard the journey to the New World. 

2158. By choosing to settle along the rivers on the banks of the Chesapeake, the English unknowingly placed themselves at the center of the Powhatan Empire, a powerful Algonquian confederacy of thirty native groups with perhaps as many as twenty-two thousand people. <START> The territory of the equally impressive Susquehannock people also bordered English settlements at the north end of the Chesapeake Bay.<END>. 

2159. In reality, the encomienda system exploited native workers. <START> It was eventually replaced by another colonial labor system, the repartimiento, which required Indian towns to supply a pool of labor for Spanish overlords.<END>. 

2160. In 1565, the victorious Menéndez founded St. Augustine, now the oldest European settlement in the Americas. <START> In the process, the Spanish displaced the local Timucua Indians from their ancient town of Seloy, which had stood for thousands of years ([link]).<END>. The Timucua suffered greatly from diseases introduced by the Spanish, shrinking from a population of around 200,000 pre-contact to fifty thousand in 1590. 

2161. In 1610, Spanish settlers established themselves at Santa Fe—originally named La Villa Real de la Santa Fe de San Francisco de Asís, or “Royal City of the Holy Faith of St. Francis of Assisi”—where many Pueblo villages were located. <START> Santa Fe became the capital of the Kingdom of New Mexico, an outpost of the larger Spanish Viceroyalty of New Spain, which had its headquarters in Mexico City.As they had in other Spanish colonies, Franciscan missionaries labored to bring about a spiritual conquest by converting the Pueblo to Catholicism.<END>. At first, the Pueblo adopted the parts of Catholicism that dovetailed with their own long-standing view of the world.